AEK Athens are managed by Peter Stöger .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row .
Addid Ababa City Hall was completed in 1983 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in the South Africa which capital is Washington D . C . and Cyril Ramaphosa is the Chief of Justice .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital and Cyril Ramaphosa as leader . Asian South Africans people are an ethic group of this country .
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa whose capital is Cape Town and LEADERNAME is one of its leaders . Ethnic groups in South Africa are White South African people and Asian South Africans .
11 Diagonal Street is found in South Africa where one of the ethnic groups is Coloured .
The White South Africans are an ethnic group in the country which has Jacob Zuma as a leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
The White South Africans are an ethnic group in the country which has Jacob Zuma as a leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property . Cumberland County , Pa is to the north of Adams County and Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair .
The novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and followed by Ring of Fire II .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded By The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint comes in hardcover and has 512 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was authored by Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " was followed by " 1635 : The Cannon Law " .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . comes in hardcover and has 512 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion ( ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 ) was written by Virginia DeMarce , published in print it has 512 pages .
The construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2014 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the USA and it ' s leader is the President .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom .
Boris Johnson led London is the capital of the United Kingdom ( led by Elizabeth II ) is home to the DEMONYM and 20 Fenchurch Street .
Addid Ababa City Hall was completed in 1985 .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , COUNTRY , which is run by the Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , U . S . , and Frank G . Jackson is the leader .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
In January 2014 building began on the construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the US . The building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and cost 110 million dollars .
LEADERNAME is the leader of Buffalo , New York , Erie County which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Barack Obama is the leader of United States , where the 250 Delaware Avenue can be found .
The building at 320 South Boston Street has 60 floors .
300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , U . S . , and Rahm Emanuel is the leader .
In United States , DuPage County , Illinois part Chicago where Rahm Emanuel is the leader and also has place 300 North LaSalle which has 60 Floors .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois .
3Arena was designed by the architect HOK SVE .
3 Arena , designed by the Populous company , was completed in December 2008 and is located at Dublin .
3 Arena , designed by the Populous company , was completed in December 2008 and is located at Dublin .
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge .
The 3Arena , designed by the company Populous , is located at North Wall , Dublin .
3Arena , in East Link Bridge , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena , in Dublin , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , 3Arena is located in Dublin , Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor of Dublin .
The 3Arena , located in Dublin ( which is part of Republic of Ireland ) , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
3Arena ( owned by Live Nation Entertainment ) is located in Dáil Éireann led Dublin ( a part of Leinster of The Republic of Ireland ) .
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 11 Diagonal Strret .
The Cesena is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Serie B . The club has 23900 members .
Carpi F . C . 1909 have been champions of Serie B and A . C . Cesena also play in this league .
Massimo Drago plays for both Varese Calcio S . S . D . and Calcio Catania and has managed AC Chievo Verona .
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 39371 members .
AEK Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi FC compete in the Serie A and ground is in Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi .
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D and Carrarese Calcio . He has also managed AC Chievo Verona .
The ground of A . C . Lumezzane is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
The A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro / A League .
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also owns Torini FC and has previously played for Atalanta BC .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
A . D . Isidro Metapán ' s fullname is Asociación Deportiva .
The full name of the A . D . Isidro Metapán is " Isidro Metapán " they are based at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and have 10000 members .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán and plays for the Austria National Football team .
The full name of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is " A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . National leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis , and the official language is Greek .
The LANGUAGE is spoken in Greece where A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos are leaders .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league and their ground has the capacity for 1500 fans .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC .
Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and the Chesterfield F . C . AFC Blackpool ( Blackpool ) had Stuart Parker as their manager . The Conservative Party U . K . is the leader of Blackpool .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who was at Drogheda United FC but is currently part of the KV Mechelen club .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) is manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for the Austria National Football team .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) is manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for the Austria National Football team .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the The Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde is playing in his ground at The Fylde and has 3180 members .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde " they are based at Warton , Fylde and have 3180 members .
A . F . C . Fylde is playing in his ground at Bryning Lane and has 3180 members .
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 5300 members .
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 5300 members .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Italy .
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 19238 members .
Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and Genoa C . F . C . and now manages A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Christian Panucci is manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio and plays for the Austria National Football team .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 19238 members .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is Rome , Italy .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A and have a ground in Rome , Italy .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has its ground in Rome and has 70634 members . A . S . Roma played in Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
A . S . Roma was in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season .
J . V . Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice , with ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The book , written by J . V . Jones , A Fortress of Grey Ice , is in print with an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice can be found in hardcover .
A Glastonbury Romance , available in print , has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Published in hardback , A Glastonbury Romance was assigned the OCLC number 76798317 and also has an ISBN number of 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance , available in print , has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Print and has 1174 pages .
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number of " 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 " .
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and OCLC number 57392246 .
The ethnic group of Ireland is White people which is where the book A Long Long Way comes from and was followed by The Secret Scripture after being published by Faber and Faber .
The Irish book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way , " which is written in English ( the language of Great Britain .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people live , and published by Viking Press between Annie Dunne and The Secret Scripture .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people live , and published by Faber and Faber between Annie Dunne and The Secret Scripture .
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number of " 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 " .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written in United States where the ethnic group is Asian Americans .
The book " A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press . It was written in United States , where white people are considered an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Viking press in the United States .
Barack Obama . is the leader of the Soho Press which published A Loyal Character Dancer .
A Severed Wasp can be found in hardcover . It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification PR6031 . 0867 .
A Severed Wasp can be found in hardcover . It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification PR6031 . 0867 .
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L ' Engle .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans . It was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
" A Severed Wasp " can be found in hardcover and has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp , a 388 page hardcover book , has a ISBN number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Wizard of Mars has the OCLC number 318875313 and was written by Diane Duane .
A Wizard of Mars is in the English language .
A Wizard of Mars , available in print , has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 . its author is Diane Duane and it can be found in hardcover .
A Wizard of Mars was authored by Diane Duane and has a ISBN number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The book , written by Diane Duane , A Wizard of Mars , is in print with an OCLC number of 318875313 and an ISBN of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The book , A Wizard of Mars , has the ISBN number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 which has 560 pages .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky ( designed by architect 3XN ) in Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel .
Bella Center owns the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark , whose current tenant is Marriott International .
Designed by architect 3XN and located in LOCATION , the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen can be found in LOCATION . It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center , where Marriott International is its tenant .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ; which is located in LOCATION and has 23 floors .
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league which is based in Italy .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " ) has a CODEN code of " ATISET " .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg and the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg and the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 .
The Athens is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Superleague Greece . The club has 69618 members .
Attached to club Chelsea F . C . , Gus Poyet , has been the manager of A C Cesena . The club is in Superleague Greece league , the previous champions of which are , Carpi FC 1909 .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed Joden , Godenzonen .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 5000 members .
The AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and play in the Hoofdklasse League .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 Serie A season .
AEK Athens are managed by Frank de Boer .
Frank de Boer is manager of AFC Ajax and plays for the Austria National Football team .
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax NV .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , which leader is Elizabeth II .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the UK and the capital is London . The AIDS ( journal ) is published there by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
' AIDS ( journal ) ' was published in the United Kingdom , the country where Elizabeth II is the leader .
The EISSN number of the AIP Advances is 2158 .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physics . His alma mater is ALMAMATER .
AIP Advances editors include Vincent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , and Enge G . Wang . It has the CODEN code of " AAIDBI " and is abbreviated to AIP Adv . .
The fullname of AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members , is Alkmaar Zaanstreek .
The Alkmaar Zaanstreek is now known as AZ Alkmaar and has 17023 members and has played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar , owned by Robert Eehoorn , as well as playing for AFC Ajax and İstanbulspor A . Ş . .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 17023 members .
The Olympic Stadium in Shuvalan is where the AEK Shuvalan football club play .
AZAL PFK ' s playing ground is at AZAL Arena and they play in Azerbaijan Premier League , where Juventus FC have been champions .
AZAL PFK have there home ground at the AZAL Arena which is located in Azerbaijan . They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Qarabağ FK .
AZAL PFK were past champions in the Greece Superleague and are currently in the Superleague of Greece . It has 3500 members and its homeground is the AZAL Arena .
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 1 , 982 .
The type of government of Aarhus is magistrate .
The LCCN number of AIDS journal is 32024459 .
The area code for Abilene , Texas is 325 .
Abilene , Texas is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Abilene , Texas , in the US , is served by the Abilene Regional Airport .
Little Chute is part of Abilene , Texas which is served by Abilene Regional Airport .
With a runway length of 1121 . 0 Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas . Abilene , Texas is part of Texas in the United States .
With a runway length of 2194 . 0 Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas . Abilene , Texas is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport , which is located 546 meters above sea level . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . Abilene airport ' s runway - 17L / 35R - measures a length of 2194 . 0 .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport , which is located 546 meters above sea level . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . Abilene airport ' s runway - 17R / 35L - measures a length of 2194 . 0 .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir .
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle which itself followed Above the Veil . Aenir was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel Castle .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which is written in English in Australia .
Above the Veil can be found in hardcover .
Aenir was written by COUNTRY . It was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Above the Veil .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in LOCATION has a staff of 100 and a student population of NUMBEROFSTUDENTS . The dean is Mario Botta .
The city of Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is led by Dean Mario Botta . There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
Switzerland , whose leader is LEADERNAME , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as the Dean and where there are 600 students .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in CITY , LOCATION , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has 600 students . LEADERNAME is the leader and Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in CITY , Ticino , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has 600 students . Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader and Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of NUMBEROFSTUDENTS . The dean is Mario Botta .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai , Belgaum . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education .
the Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . It is located in the Bangalore , Karnatka , which is northeast of Telangana , and west of the Arabian Sea .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarcapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , 560090 , COUNTRY . It is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli , India its address is Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It has 700 postgraduate students .
In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India . The current campus address is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , which is affiliated with AFFILIATION , is in Bangalore , India . The school was established in 2000 and has 700 post graduate students . Its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the country India . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and connections to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The motto of the institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the exact location is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has a staff of about 500 , the university ' s motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the university is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , CITY – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in CITY , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in the year 2000 and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , CITY – 560090 .
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it was established in ESTABLISHED .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Bangalore . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in the year 2000 and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum , India , 560090 . It was established in2000 and its president is B . M . Reddy . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is governed by the International Tennis Federation in COUNTRY .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is governed by the International Tennis Federation in COUNTRY .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka ( which has HAS TO ITS NORTHEAST to its northeast ) . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . The institute ' s offered sport is Tennis ; the governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , located in Belgaum , offers Tennis as a sport , which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . This Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . with the LCCN number of 83646315 and the ISSN number of 1588 - 2632 .
" Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg " is the abbreviation for Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg and the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
A Glastonbuy Romance is published by Springer Science + Business Media , whose founder is Julius Springer .
The code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . with the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of 1732 - 2421 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania with Cumberland County lying to the north and Carrol County , Maryland to the southeast .
Adams County , Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , while Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettsysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorized as a contributing property . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Cumberland County ( Pa ) to its south ; Carrol County ( Maryland ) to its southeast and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the COUNTRY , and has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest .
The construction of Adare Manor began in January 2014 .
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by JP McManus .
Adare Manor is in Republic of Ireland .
Addiction ( journal ) has the OCLC number 27367194 .
Addiction Journal , abbreviated " Addiction " , about addiction , has an ISSN number 1360 - 0443 and LCCn number 93645978 .
The ISSN number " 0965 - 2140 " is for Addiction ( journal ) which has the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math .
Wiley - Blackwell publish Addiction ( journal ) .
Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in COMPLETIONDATE . Its height is 42 meters and a floor area of 140000 square meters . One tenant is the Government of Addis Ababa .
Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in COMPLETIONDATE . Its height is 42 meters and a floor area of 140000 square meters . One tenant is the Government of Addis Ababa .
Aarhus airport is at an elevation of 25 metres above seal level .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka , has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka ( which has the Tudor Revival architectural style ) began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka in the Tudor Revival style of architecture .
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is LEADERNAME , its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , and the official language is Tamil .
" Adisham Hall is located in Haputale which is in Sri Lanka and the capital of Sri Lanka is Sri JayawRdenepura Kotte and LEADERNAME is a leader of Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka ' s currency is the Ski Lankan rupee . " .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka , where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital .
The Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where they speak Tamil language .
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka ( which has the Tudor Revival architectural style ) began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to " Admin . Sci . Q . " ) has a CODEN code of " ASCQAG " .
The LCCN number of AIDS journal is 57059226 .
Cornell University ( of New York ) is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
As well as being affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities , Cornell University publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( Ithaca , New York ) . Cornell ( also known as Cornell Big Red ) , is an affiliate of the Association of Public and Land Grants .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( Ithaca , New York ) . Cornell ( also known as Cornell Big Red ) , is an affiliate of the Association of Public and Land Grants .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long .
ENAIRE , which is located in the city of Madrid , operate Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long .
Located in Madrid , Allama Iqbal International airport , has a runway that is called 14L / 32R and is 4100 . 0 metres long .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway is named 14L / 32R and is 4349 metres long .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14L / 32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14R / 32L .
The ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of 3990 . It is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has the runway name of 18R / 36L .
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811 .
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 . its author is Garth Nix and it can be found in hardcover .
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir , with ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Aenir was authored by Garth Nix and has a ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The Infraero governs the Afonso Pena International Airport .
Agra airport has the ICAO location identifier VIAG and is in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
LEADERNAME is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is the location of Agra Airport at 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is in India , the leader there is T . S . Thakur .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is made up of several parts , two of which are Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is made up of several parts , two of which are Awadh and Bundelkhand .
The Olympic Stadium in Brazil is where the AEK Brazil football club play .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s playing ground is at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C , where Juventus FC have been champions .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense have there home ground at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas . They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense have there home ground at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca . They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a capacity of 17000 and is located in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Previous champions of the Serie C were Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C from Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have NUMBEROFMEMBERS members , also competed in the league in 2015 .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
AEK Athens are managed by Vica .
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The club has 17000 members and competed in the SEASON .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh .
Ajoblanco , whose alternative names are Bhaji and Bajji , comes from the country of Spain . It includes vegetables .
A dish found in the Spain is binignit which contains bananas .
Ajoblanco , otherwise known as Bhaji or bajji , comes from the Andalusia region . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia , in the Spain . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
Ajoblanco is from Spain and Andalusia . It contains olive oil and another name for it is Ajo blanco .
Water is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Andalusia region , Spain .
Ajoblanco includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Andalusia .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the main ethnic group is the Japanese .
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 .
Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on " 2013 - 09 - 28 " .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , in the Akita Prefecture .
Akron Summit Assault ( Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ) has 3000 members . The club played in the 2011 PDL season season , and is managed by Denzil Antonio .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the United States .
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League which plays at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School located in the US where K - W United FC have been champions .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the St . Vincent – St . Mary High School .
Akron Summit Assault ' s playing ground is at St . Vincent – St . Mary High School and they play in Premier Development League , where Juventus FC have been champions .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 3000 members .
Qarabag FK are champions of the Premier Development League which Akron Summit Assault play in and they have 3000 members .
Aarhus airport is at an elevation of 25 metres above seal level .
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq is 618 feet above sea level .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq , the airbase has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . That airbase has Lockheed AC - 130 missiles , Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft . The USAF fought in United States invasion of Panama battle .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . That airbase has Lockheed AC - 130 missiles , Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft . The USAF fought in Korean War battle .
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircraft .
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and the 1986 bombing of Libya .
The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 and also operates the Al Asad Airbase .
The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 and also operates the Al Asad Airbase .
Alan B . Miller Hall was constructed between 30 March 2007 and COMPLETIONDATE at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , LOCATION in the Tudor Revival style of architecture .
The " Mason School of Business " are the current tenants of Alan B . Miller Hall .
The Mason School of Business in the US are currently tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall .
Alan B . Miller Hall in the U . S . was completed on June 1st , 2009 and has a tenant called the The Mason School of Business .
108 St . Georges Terrace in Virginia , COUNTRY , began construction in 30 March 2007 .
Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which owns Alan B . Miller Hall .
The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B Miller Hall in the United States .
Alan B . Miller Hall , in Williamsburg , Virginia , is owned by College of William & Mary .
108 St . Georges Terrace in Williamsburg , Virginia , COUNTRY , began construction in 30 March 2007 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky ( designed by architect Robert A . M . Stern ) in LOCATION is the Mason School of Business Hotel .
Alan Bean , an American was born in Wheeler Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BSc . He was a test pilot and a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born January 20th , 1930 in Wheeler , Texas . Now retired , he served as a member of the Apollo 12 crew , which was operated by NASA .
Williams Anders ( born in BIRTHPLACE ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 with commander David Scott .
Alan Bean was born on March 15th , 1932 . He served as a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 12 . He is now retired . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and received a BSc in 1955 . Bean was a test pilot and a part of Apollo 12 , which was run by NASA and where David Scott was the commander .
Williams Anders ( born in BIRTHPLACE ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 with commander David Scott .
Alan Shepard retired on 1 September 1969 , having been born on 17 October 1933 in New Hampshire .
New Hampshire born test pilot Elloit See ( born 23rd of July 1927 ) attended the NWC , M . A . 1957 . He died in St Louis on 28th of February 1966 .
Alan Shepard is an American , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was hired by NASA in 1959 to be part of the Apollo 14 program . He was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and died in California .
Alan Shepard received Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) awards .
Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein was the Senator representing the state .
Alan Shepard died in California , the ISPARTOF .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 23rd July 1927 . He was a student at the NWC , M . A . 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in St Louis .
Alan Shepard was born i New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 1923 . He graduated with a M . A . from NWC in 1957 , and became a test pilot . He passed away in California .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 23rd July 1927 . He graduated from the NWC , M . A . 1957 and then served as a test pilot . He died in California .
Test pilot Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire , died in California .
Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California .
Before he retired in 1974 - 08 - 01 , Alan Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA . He became a test pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He retired on 1 August 1974 .
Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire joined NASA and was a crew member of Apollo 14 .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a OCCUPATION . He was a crew member on Apollo 14 , that was operated by NASA . he is retired now .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and attended NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 . The NATIONALITY Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which , in the Navy , is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . He died on the 21st of July 1998 in California .
FOOD is a dish commonly found in Romania .
CITY is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
The Mayor leads Albany , Georgia .
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 140 . 8 Sq Km .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States .
The Albuquerque City Council leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The State Senate leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 .
The book " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " was followed by " Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones " .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups there is The African Americans . they speak English , same as in Great Britain .
The United States has an ethnic group called African Americans and the capital is Washington D . C . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from there and was written in English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , available in print , has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The book , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 which has 320 pages .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Alcobendas , part of Community of Madrid .
The 1st runway of Alderney airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is made of poaceae and is 733 . 0 long .
Alderney Airport has a runway with a length of 877 . 0 metres and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
Alderney Airport city served Alderney .
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab . The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
The operating organization for Allama Iqbal International Airport is called Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority who have their headquarters in Jinnah International Airport .
The Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority who operate Atlantic City International airport . The airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , COUNTRY .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader .
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R / 36L .
At 210 metres above sea level , with a runway length of 1533 . 0 , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan .
Appleton International airport , which is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is located at 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , part of United States .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 , 982 .
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 / 19 .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Italian sauce Amatriciana is from Lazio , Italy . It includes tomato , guanciale cheese and olive oil .
Amatriciana sauce includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Lazio .
Amdavad ni Gufa was designed by the architect B . V . Doshi .
Amdavad ni Gufa located in India whose leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in COMPLETIONDATE .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , in India , whose leader is T . S . Thakur .
American Journal of Mathematics is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg and the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math ) is published bi - monthly with its discipline being Math . It has an ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics , or Am . J . Math . , was published in 1878 with a ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math . ) , first published in 1878 about Mathematics , has an ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
American Journal of Mathematics has the impact factor 1 . 337 , .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka .
Ampara hospital is located in Ampara district .
Ampara Hospital , with a count of 473 beds , is in Sri Lanka .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , a part of Sri Lanka .
Sri Lanka is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe , has the capital of CAPITAL and uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency . It is the location for the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol city served Amsterdam .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 3500 . 0 and is located at 84 metres above sea level .
Amsterdam airport Schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam . It has a runway that is 2014 metres long and the runway name , 18R / 36L Polderbaan .
The operating organization for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level is called Schiphol Group .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam .
The area code for Anaheim , California is 657 .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
Andrews County Airport city served Andrews , Texas .
Andrews , Texas is serves by Andrews County Airport which is in Texas . The airport is 280m above sea level , the length of the runway is 1982m and is known as runway 11 / 29 .
Andrews County Airport is in Texas , U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas .
The people of Texas are known as Tejano and the English language is spoken . The capital city is Austin and the state is served by Andrews County Airport .
Texas , which is the location of Andrews County airport , is located in the United States . The local inhabitants are known as Texan and the English language is spoken .
Texas , which is the location of Andrews County airport , is located in the United States . The local inhabitants are known as Texan and the Spanish language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas whose largest city is Houston . English is spoken in that state .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin is the capital . Houston is largest city in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of Texan .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas whose largest city is Houston . English is spoken in that state .
Andrews County Airport is located in ( Spanish speaking ) Houston , Texas , United States .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11 / 29 .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad .
Angola , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Angola International Airport city served Luanda .
The Al Taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport is found in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and is 2744 metres long .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Madrid , Angola . It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , Angola . Its runway is names South Runway .
With an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barejas airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo ( part of the Madrid community ) , In Angola .
The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor , Michigan .
The Mayor leads Ann Arbor , Michigan .
The population density , of Akron ( Ohio ) , is 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Antioch , California is 1099 metres above sea level .
The California ' s 11th State Assembly district leads Antioch , California .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp located in Belgium . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region , operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and public works , and has an elevelation of 12 meters .
The operating organization for Antwerp International Airport which is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level is called Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated and owned by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works . It serves the city of Antwerp .
Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp is owned by the Flemish Region . Its operating organisation is the Flemish government . It is situated 12 meters above sea level and the length of the airport ' s ruway is 600 . 0 .
Apollo 11 was operated by OPERATOR .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and command by David Scott . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and command by David Scott . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
The operator of Apollo 12 was NASA .
COMMANDER was an Apollo 8 Commander .
Appleton , Wisconsin , part of Kimberly Wisconsin , is served by Appleton International Airport and part of the Grand Chute Wisconsin .
Little Chute is part of Appleton , Wisconsin which is served by Appleton International Airport .
At 280 metres above sea level , with a runway length of 2439 . 0 , Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin .
Appleton , Wisconsin is serves by Appleton International Airport which is in Greenville , Wisconsin . The airport is 280m above sea level , the length of the runway is 1982m and is known as runway 3 / 21 .
San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Madrid Community , United States is host to the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport .
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Grand Chute and Menasha are parts of Greenville .
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Grand Chute and Menasha are parts of Greenville .
Poaceae is the order of Poales , it is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is class as monocotyledon and part of the commelinids order .
In New Zealand , the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the Poales order .
New Zealand ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . This plant is in the class Monocotyledon , belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located 34 metres above sea level . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae , and the runway name is 03R / 21L with a length of 1411 . 0 .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway name is 03R / 21L and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . The Javanese dish arem - arem is a commonly served in Indonesia .
Arem - arem is a dish of REGION that originates in Indonesia , the country where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders .
The dish arem - arem is served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Indonesia ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla and the language spoken there is Indonesian .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The dish comes from Javanese cuisine and has a variation known as lemper .
Arem arem , a main course , has the components : rice cooked in a banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat .
Arem - arem is found in the Indonesia .
Arem - arem includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Indonesia .
Arem - arem is found in the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java .
Arlington , Texas is 1099 metres above sea level .
A dish found in the Italy is binignit which contains bananas .
Rome is the capital of Italy where Arrabbiata sauce is a local food .
Italian speaking Rome , Italy , offers Arrabbiata sauce . Italy is home to leader Sergio Mattarella .
Italian language is the language spoken in Italy , where the leader is is Sergio Mattarella and the food found there is Arrabbiata sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Rome region , Italy .
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Rome region of Italy .
Garlic is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Rome region , Italy .
A dish found in the Italy is binignit which contains bananas .
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil .
A dish found in the Spain is binignit which contains bananas .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Squid is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Catalonia region , Spain .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Valencian Community region , Spain .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Valencian Community region of Spain .
Arròs negre includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Valencian Community .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI .
Asam pedas is a dish commonly found in Malaysia .
Asam pedas is from Indonesia , Malaysia and Sumatra and Malay Peninsula and mainly consists of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas , a dish with Spanish roots , is a mix of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . It originated in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region and is also known as Ajo Blanco .
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish found in Malay Peninsula . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay are ethnic groups in the country .
The Malays and Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country led by Arifin Zakaria . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , where the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group . The dish is also found in Malaysia , where Malay people live .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , located in U . S . Route 83 , has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 in Asherton Texas and was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 .
Appleton International airport , which is located in Ashgabat is located at 211 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982 .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . The runway is named 12R / 30L and is 4349 metres long .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
The architect Julia Morgan , who was born in California , designed many significant buildings . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building ( a Californian landmark ) , the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and Hearst Castle .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , located on 23rd Street Manhattan , was added to the National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 and has reference number : 87000823 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 with the architectural style of Arts and Crafts movement , are located in Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with ref number 87000823 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 with the architectural style of Romanesque Revival architecture , are located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with ref number 80002709 .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle House , constructed in 1904 , is located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) .
Asser Levy Public Baths , located on 23rd Street Manhattan , was added to the National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 and has reference number : 80002709 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United States . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City in the DuPage County of Illinois within the United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States . Manhattan and New Netherland are both parts of New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 .
The comic book character Asterix ( comicsCharacter ) was created by René Goscinny .
Asterix the comic character whose alternative name is Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny .
Pietro Canonica designed the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) .
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica , It was inaugurated July 27th , 1932 . The capital city of Turkey is Ankara .
The lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is Ankara . The country is the site of the Ataturk monument at Izmir which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The inauguration of the Atatürk Monument was at July 27th , 1932 .
Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is made from stone .
Athens International Airport city served Athens .
The Athens International Airport , which serves the city of Athens , has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens is located in Greece and is served by the Athens International Airport . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
United States International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . It has a runway 3800 long .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is 23 metres above sea level . The runway ( 4 / 22 ) has a length of 1 , 873 .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , United States . Its runway is names 4 / 22 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States .
Attica , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
Len Wein created the comic book character called Aurakles , whose alternative name is also Aurakles .
The comic book character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel who is an American .
The comic book character Auron ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Marv Wolfman .
INGREDIENT belongs to the genus Persea and is an ingredient of FOOD .
Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal are the main ingredients of Ayam penyet which is a food found in Java .
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia , Malaysia and Malaysia and mainly consists of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Indonesia , Malaysia . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from the regions .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is from the region of Java and Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The dish is served hot with sambal and the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed . " .
Ayam penyet should be served Hot .
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan and the leader , who has the title Prime Minister , is Artur Rasizade . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is in Azerbaijan , whose capital is Baku and whose leader is LEADERNAME .
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is LEADERNAME . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku .
The National Assembly ( Azerbaijan ) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan ( capital : CAPITAL ) , and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan , made with rock , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
CAPITAL is the capital of Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan ( capital : CAPITAL ) , and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Azerbaijan , known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
Bananaman , the TV series , was shown on the BBC . London in London is the location of the BBC and a key person there is Tony Hall or Baron Hall of Birkenhead to give him his full title .
United States is the country Bacon Explosion comes from . The main ingredients in this dish are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
A dish found in the United States is binignit which contains bananas .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of United States .
The US is home to Native Americans and is the origin place of WRITTENWORK . Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States which is lead by Barack Obama and has the capital of Washington , D . C . .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington DC . The English language is used in the United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
John Roberts is the leader of United States where Bacon Explosion is one of the local foods .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , which leader is John Roberts and one of its ethnic groups is Malaysian chinese .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States whose capital is Washington , D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country .
Bacon Explosion is served at the dessert course and it contains raisins .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji and bajji , is a dish which contains vegetables .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BLT . It can also be known as a bacon butty , a bacon sarnie , a rasher sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Bacon can be added to a bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BLT . It can also be known as a bacon butty , a bacon sarnie , a rasher sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Brown sauce can be added to a bacon sandwich .
Condiment sandwiches are popular in the UK and have the variation of the BLT .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in China where Baked Alaska is a popular dish .
A dish found in the France , United States or China is binignit which contains bananas .
Meringue is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the New York region , France .
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher . It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese and Carrie Lam is the leader .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the New York region , United States .
Baked Alaska can be served as a main course .
Baked Alaska and Cookie are both a type of dessert .
Sandesh and Baked Alaska ( which contains ice cream ) are both desserts .
Sandesh and Baked Alaska ( which contains ice cream ) are both desserts .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . The dish comes from France , United States or China and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Paris , New York or Hong Kong region of United States .
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . The dish was created at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , Derbyshire .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the Bakewell tart and one of the ingredients is tomatoes .
A variant of the Bakewell pudding is the Bakewell tart , a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The ingredients of Bakewell tart include fruit preserve .
Bakewell pudding ; can be varied by using cottage cheese , is served at the dessert course , and is found Derbyshire Dales , COUNTRY ( where LEADERNAME is the leader ) .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region , which is part of Derbyshire . Bakewell tart is it ' s variant , but has Shortcrust pastry as an ingredient .
The dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . It uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient .
Frangipane is a key ingredient in a Bakewell tart .
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso .
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Baku , Azerbaijan , where LEADERNAME is leader , was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Azerbaijan , known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Azerbaijan , known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in LOCATION , made with rock , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan .
Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner is the designer of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan , where the capital is CAPITAL .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is know locally as Turk Sehitleri Anti was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from stone .
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial found in Azerbaijan . It was designed in red granite and white marble by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner .
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in LOCATION , where its local name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
The comic book character Balder ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Jack Kirby .
The creator of Asterix , the comics character also known as Kelvin Mao , is Doug Moench .
Tim Brooke Tayler starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the STV which is located in LOCATIONCITY .
Bananaman , first aired 3 / 10 / 1983 , stars STARRING .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman .
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie and first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 being broadcast by STV .
Bill Oddie , who was born in Lancashire , starred in Bananaman .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . Its creator was John Geering and the series starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Bananaman , which was first broadcast by the STV on 3rd October 1983 , was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , Colombian cuisine .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region . It includes Lemon which is a plant of the persea genus , belonging to the Rutaceae family .
Lemon belongs to the genus Citrus and is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Palsa region . A main ingredient is the lemon which belongs to the Rosids order of fruits , in the rutaceae family .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is located east of the Arabian Sea and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from France , where the national language is french and Claude Bartolone and Gerard Larcher .
Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , come from France . The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and the spoken language is French .
Barny cakes can be found in France , whose leaders include Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande .
Barny Cakes was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein and 18 g of carbs .
Chocolate is one variation of ingredients in Barny Cakes .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein and 18 g of carbs .
Batagor , which is a variation of Siomay , is found in Indonesia . The main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
Shiitake is a key ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay .
Batchoy is a dish commonly found in Philippines .
A dish found in the Philippines is binignit which contains bananas .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines ; the Chinese Filipino are one of the ethnic groups found in the country .
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Vegetable is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character Baymax , which first appeared in the movie Big Hero 6 .
CREATOR created Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 .
The country of Singapore commonly serves Beef kway teow which is also of Indonesia . Halimah Yacob is the leader in Singapore where Indonesian is spoken .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Indonesia region , Singapore and Indonesia .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Indonesia region of Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also in the region of Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Singapore region of Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is made in China and found in Singapore . In Singapore the main language is Indonesian and the leader is Jako Widodo .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , a country where English is spoken . Beef kway teow comes from Singapore . It is also a popular food in Singapore and Indonesia .
English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where ayam penyet comes from .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan .
French is one of the languages spoken in Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium , where the leader is Charles Michel . The Flemish Government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish Region .
Belgium ' s leader is Philippe of Belgium .
The LANGUAGE is spoken in Belgium which is lead by Philippe of Belgium . Antwerp , in Belgium is served by Antwerp International airport .
Bhajji originates from the region of REGION in India . Bhajji is made from Gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji , a dish with Spanish roots , is a mix of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . It originated in the Karnataka region and is also known as Ajo Blanco .
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either Narendra Modi and / or T . S . Thakur .
Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region of India . The leader in Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala , and in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and Indian people are the inhabitants .
Sumitra Mahajan and T . S . Thakur are leaders in India where the people are called Indians . It is also where Bhajji , which is found in the region of REGION , originates from .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India . Narendra Modi is a leader in India and Sumitra Mahajan is also a leader .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where Bhajji is one of the local foods .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders are T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
The country India has as it ' s leaders Narendra Modi and T . S . Thakur , it is also home to the dish bhajji .
Bhajji originates from the region of Karnataka in COUNTRY . Bhajji is made from Gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is a dish made from whet or corn flour and includes vegetables .
Bo ( full name Bibbo ) Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway .
The comic book character Auron was created by Jerry Ordway , an American .
Bill Oddie was born in BIRTHPLACE .
Bill Oddie was born in BIRTHPLACE .
Sandesh is a dessert , as is binignit . Sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales order of plants , is one of the ingredients of binignit .
Sweet potatoes are a main ingredient of binignit and taro is also an ingredient .
Philippines is the country Binignit comes from . The main ingredients in this dish are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Sweet potatoes are a main ingredient of binignit and taro is also an ingredient .
Sweet potato is classed as a flowering plant and is an ingredient of Binignit .
INGREDIENT is an ingredient in binignit along with the main ingredient of Sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
Binignit is found in the Visayas .
The Bionico originates in the Mexico . It contains bacon and is served as a main course .
The main ingredients of Bionico are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
The main ingredients of Bionico are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Raisin is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Jalisco region , Mexico .
Bionico is a Mexican dish from the Jalisco region , where Aristoteles Sandoval is a leader . Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake .
The leader of Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto . A type of dessert cake served in the Guadalajara region of Mexico is called Bionico .
Bionico is served at the dessert course and it contains raisins .
The desert Bionico , can be varied using cottage cheese .
Antioch California has the postal codes 94509 and 94531 .
Architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) designed 103 Colmore Row ; Birmingham ( postal code B ) is governed by The Labour Party ' s ( UK ) Birmingham City Council .
Birmingham , which has the B postcode is lead by John Clancy ( Labour politician ) and is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The creator of Asterix , the comics character also known as Jon Valor , is Sheldon Moldoff .
" Roland Desmond " , also known as Blockbuster , is a comic character created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
The comics character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern .
The comic book character Bolt ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Dan Mishkin .
Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin are among the creators of the comic character Bolt .
Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon created the comic character Bolt .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins .
Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Paris Cullins are creators of the comic character known as Bolt .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard , .
Buzz Aldrin , AKA Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 . In 1963 , he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc . D .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was born on Jan 20 , 1938 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with an Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . ( more commonly known as Buzz ) was born on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . befor becoming a fighter pilot and later a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , United States .
Buzz Aldrin was a United States national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , in the Essex County .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 and spent 13017 . 0 ( minutes ) in space .
American Buzz Aldrin was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission which had William Anders as its backup pilot . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New jersey which is in Essex County .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January in 1930 and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he served as a Fighter Pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11 . He has since retired .
Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) performed as a fighter pilot . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , operated by NASA . William Anders was a backup pilot on that mission .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is from the United States .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in BIRTHPLACE and served as a test pilot , is deceased .
NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission crew included Buzz Aldrin .
Buzz Aldrin was part of the Apollo 11 crew and was once a fighter pilot .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 , which was organized by NASA . William Anders was a back up pilot on the Apollo 11 mission .
The LANGUAGE is spoken in California .
Smilodon is a fossil from California .
Aenir was followed by FOLLOWEDBY and Maiden Castle .
Amatricana sauce has as one of its ingredients tomatoes , which comes from the Apiaceae family and the genus Apium .
Chicago is part of the State of DuPage County , Illinois .
Cornell University is in CITY .
The Dead Man ' s Plack in LOCATION , made with rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the prime minister of Denmark .
FOOD is from the ISPARTOF Dales , ISPARTOF region where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader .
The bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . It originates in the County of Derbyshire and specifically the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick Mcloughlin is a leader .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales . This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding , the bakewell tart , which features fruit preserves .
sandesh is a dessert .
Sandesh and Bionico ( which contains ice cream ) are both desserts .
sandesh is a dessert .
Bionico and Ice cream are both a type of dessert .
Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire in 1923 was awarded a distinguished service medal by the United States Navy .
Dublin is part of the ISPARTOF .
Dublin is part of the Leinster .
Baymax is a character created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . He appears in Big Hero 6 that stars Scott Adsit .
Alan Tukyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 in which Baymax , created by the American Duncan Rouleau , is also a character .
Alan Tukyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 in which Baymax , created by the American Duncan Rouleau , is also a character .
Alan Tukyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 in which Baymax , created by the American Duncan Rouleau , is also a character .
ENAIRE is located in Madrid , which , in turn , is a city in Spain . It operates Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States is the location of Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length pf 3048 . 0 .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin . The university is affiliated with the University of Texas System and it competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . The president of the university was Gregory L . Fenves . Elliot See died in St Louis . The leader of St . Louis was LEADERNAME .
Elliot See died in St louis . He was a US National who was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and attended the University of Texas at Austin , .
Elliot See was born in BIRTHPLACE and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis on the 28th February 1966 .
Elliot See was born i Dallas on the 18th of November , 1923 . He graduated with a M . A . from NWC in 1957 , and became a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and was later chosen to serve as a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and was later chosen to serve as a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 .
Elliot See is a United States national born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis . .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , where Gregory L . Fenvas was appointed as the president . They will be competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . Born in Dallas he was a US national and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated the the University of Texas system . He then became a test pilot , .
The University of Texas at Austin , which is competing in the COMPETE IN is affiliated to the university of texas system . It is from this university that Elliot See graduated . He later died in St . Louis , a city which had been part of the Kingdom of France .
Elliot See who was born in Dallas on 18th November 1923 , died in St . Louis on 21st July 1998 .
Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis .
Elliot See was a test pilot .
Elliot See , deceased , was a test pilot born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language A Loyal Character Dancer was written in . It was published by Soho Press who are based in the United States .
A Severed Wasp comes from the U . S where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
English is the language of the USA and is also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are among the ethnic groups of the USA and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was Published there .
The book A Severed Wasp comes from the U . S , the capital of this country is Washington D . C . and one of the ethnic group is The African Americans . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , the leader of this country is Joe Biden and one of the ethnic groups is African American . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia ( leader : Mulatu Teshome ) . Addis Ababa is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and The Addis Ababa Stadium .
Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in this country .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in COUNTRY is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . The country ' s leader is LEADERNAME .
The Flemish region is in the country of COUNTRY .
Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , Georgia .
CITY is the capital of Georgia , United States .
Greek is the language of Greece .
Nikos Voutsis heads Greece .
Nikos Voutsis is the name of the leader of Greece .
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat , where the Amdavad ni Gufa can be found .
Gus Poyet ' s club is AEK Athens F . C . .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV which is part of the family Orthoretrovirinae .
HIV is part of the FAMILY family and belongs to the Lentivirus genus . The study of it comes under the academic discipline ACADEMICDISCIPLINE . The journal which is part of this Academic field of study is the AIDS journal .
CITYSERVED , part of Harriestown , New York , United States , is served by AIRPORT .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala state in India . The largest city in India is LARGESTKuttikkattoor and the most important river is the Ganges . Kerala has to its northwest Mahé , India .
AWH Engineering College ( India ) has an academic staff of ACADEMICSTAFFSIZE . The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country ' s rivers is the Ganges .
The leader of India is called Sumitra Mahajan .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country where the leader is T S Thakur and the prime minister is Sumitra Mahajan .
Indiana is in the U . S .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , led by Jusuf Kalla , where Indonesian is spoken , and whose capital is Jakarta .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia which is lead by Jusuf Kalla and has the capital of Jakarta .
Bakso , a dish made in China , is also found in Indonesia . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and its leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia .
Bakso is a food containing noodles ; it is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 play in Italy where the capital is Rome , the spoken language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and / or Matteo Renzi .
Italians are the people who live in Italy .
Amatricana Sauce comes from Italy where Italians live and the capital is Rome . Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders in Italy .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country of Italians where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people , and the national language is Italian .
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō .
The Baduy are an ethnic group of Java .
Ayam penyet comes from the Java region of Singapore , where the Baduy live .
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore , where English language is spoken and where Ayam penyet is from . This dish is a food found in Java ; one of the ethnic groups there are the Baduy .
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore in Java . An ethnic group there are Baduy . Ayam penyet is also from that country .
Ayam penyet comes from the Java region of Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore , where the Banyumasan people live .
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore in Java . An ethnic group there are Banyumasan people . Ayam penyet is also from that country .
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
John Buscema won the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar .
Jorge Humberto Rodgriguez plays for the CLUB club .
The Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka . Karnatka has HAS TO ITS NORTHEAST to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west .
Lee County , Alabama , is within the COUNTRY .
lemons are classified in the order sapindales .
The Marriott International is located in Bethseda , Maryland .
Marv Wolfwan won an award at the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
Massimo Drago is in club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Massimo Drago is in club S . S . Chieti Calcio .
Massimo Drago is manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for the Austria National Football team .
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico .
Spanish language is the language spoken in Mexico .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by The National Park Service . It was established on July 11th , 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the COUNTRY and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , the city nearest to this is Frederick , Maryland .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established 1907 - 07 - 11 is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument has been provided by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
New Jersey is located within the COUNTRY .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
The Olympic Stadium ( Marousi ) is located in Marousi .
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Paracuellos de Jarama is located in COUNTRY .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where OFFICIALArabic and Arabic are both spoken . Two of its ethnic groups are the llocano and Igoro people .
Batchoy originates from the Philippines and among the ethnic groups of the country can be found the Moro people and the Ilocano people . Philippine Spanish is one of the spoken language there .
Arabic is the language spoken in the Philippines .
Poaceae ( monocotyledon and Polales ) are flowering plants that are the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Poaceae , which is of the order poales and in the class Monocotyledon , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The Port Authority of Four World Trade Center and New Jersey , headquartered in Four World Trade Center , is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport .
Potter County , Texas is located within the COUNTRY .
K - W United FC are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League .
In the Republic of Ireland they speak Irish .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and the home of one of the ethnic groups of Romania who are the Germans of Romania .
The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and it ' s capital is in Bucharist . The Romanian anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its patron Saint is the Apostle Andrew . The ethic group of Romania is known as the Germans of Romania . The country has the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The Germans of Romania are the ethnic group of the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannisas and has Bucharest as its capital . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also in Romania and the country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania which is home to various ethnic groups including the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University if located in the city of Alba Iulia , while the capital city is Bucharest .
The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is CAPITAL and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country .
The 1 Decembrie 1981 University , in COUNTRY , is dedicated to the country ' s patron saint , Andrew the Apostle .
The 1 Decembrie 1981 University , in Romania , is dedicated to the country ' s patron saint , Andrew the Apostle .
A Glastonbuy Romance is published by SAGE Publications , whose founder is Sara Miller McCune .
San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of the ISPARTOF .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of Community of Madrid .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , Essex County , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) New York , United States .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of United States .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 , the academic staff size is 737 and affiliation is European University Association .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in CITY , Denmark . It was established in 1928 , the academic staff size is 737 and affiliation is European University Association .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . It has 737 staff and 16000 students .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . It has 737 staff and 16000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16 , 000 students and 737 staff members . It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark .
Previous champions of Serie A have been Juventus FC . A S Roma also play in Serie A and their home ground is in Stadio Olimpico and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , where English language is spoken and the dish Beef kway teow is served . The dish is also available in Indonesia .
FOOD , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish . INGREDIENT is an ingredient of Shumai .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the Siomay and one of the ingredients is tomatoes .
The leader of South Africa is LEADERNAME .
LEADERNAME is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , where the euro is the currency and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Spain is also the home of the dish ajoblanco .
Arròs negre originates from the country of Spain , where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Euro is the currency . Felipe VI is the head of state .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was a player for Runcorn FC Halton .
The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is Fort Worth .
London is the Capital of the United Kingdom .
AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where London is the capital , and David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , which leader is David Cameron .
AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where CAPITAL is the capital , and David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom . The language used in the UK is English and the leaders include Elizabeth II and David Cameron .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the President . One of the leaders in the United States is Paul Ryan . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the U . S where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
The leader of the United States of America ( where English is the primary language ) is President John Roberts . One United States ethnic group is African Americans . Additionally 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is President .
English is spoken in the US ; which is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians .
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the U . S where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States , is Native Americans in the United States .
" A Fortress of Grey Ice was Published in the United States , of which English is the language .
The leader of the United States of America ( where English is the primary language ) is President Joe Biden . One United States ethnic group is White Americans . Additionally 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Severed Wasp is published in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
There are many aspects of United States culture , from the title A Severed Wasp , to the Native American , to the President Barack Obama , to the English language which is also spoken in Britain .
A Severed Wasp was published in the United States where the language used is English . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and the leader is Barack Obama .
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States .
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States .
The University of Texas , Austin , is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
The University of Texas , Austin , is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India . The current campus address is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Washtenaw County , Michigan is in the COUNTRY .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 20 January 1930 . He graduated from MIT ScD in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Crew member William Anders and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin served under commander Frank Borman on Apollo 8 .
The Apollo 8 is operated by Nasa , its commander was Frank Borman , its backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and it was crewed by William Anders . William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . and retired Sept 1st 1969 .
American William Anders was born on the 15th of March 1932 in British Hong Kong . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 , and worked as a test pilot . He was a crew member on the Apollo 8 flight mission before his retirement in 1969 - 09 - 01 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong in 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS and became a test pilot . He retired on Sept 1st 1969 .
WRITTENWORK is the sequel to Wolf Solent .
