Peter St ö ger has been the manager of A C Cesena .
1 . FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
The architect of 103 Colmore Row was John Madin .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row .
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa . The capital of South Africa is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where Cape Town is the capital . White South African are an ethnic group in South Africa , where coloured people are an ethnic group .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where one of the ethnic groups is Coloured .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is Coloured .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is White South African .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , in the United States . Adams County is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County , Maryland .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , can be located by it ' s ISBN number UNK 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 UNK and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by David Weber ( written by David Weber ) and followed by Ring of Fire II . The book was followed by Ring of Fire II .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is available in hardcover and has 512 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint was produced in print with the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The novel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . is published in E - book and has 512 pages .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages . It was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The start date for building 20 Fenchurch Street was UNK .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led by the parliament of the United Kingdom .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom .
London , the capital of the UK is lead via the <$LEADERTITLE$> . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country which is lead by Elizabeth II and has the capital city of London .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has a floor count of 45 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , <$COUNTRY$> is governed by the Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cleveland , which is lead by Frank G . Jackson .
250 Delaware Avenue , which has a Tudor Revival architectural style , 42 metres , was built in UNK and has a Tudor Revival architectural style .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the Buffalo , New York began in January 2014 . The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , which is part of New York .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States where Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Chicago , which is lead by Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader and DuPage County , Illinois is a leader .
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has a floor count of 60 .
The architect of 3Arena was HOK SVE .
The 3Arena , designed by the architect HOK SVE , is located at Dublin and was completed in December 2008 .
The 3Arena , designed by the architect Populous ( company ) , is located at Dublin and was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at UNK North Wall , Dublin UNK .
The 3Arena is located in East Link Bridge , which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin , which is lead by the <$LEADERTITLE$> . The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin , Republic of Ireland where the Lord Mayor is Criona Ni Dhalaigh .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Dail Eireann is a leader in Dublin .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Beverly Hills , California .
A . C . Cesena is in the Serie B league . They have 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena .
A . C . Cesena play in the Serie B , which Carpi F . C . 1909 were once the champions of .
Massimo Drago manages the A . C . Cesena team plays for A . S . Roma and plays for Calcio Catania . He is also a manager at A . C . Cesena .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . and their ground is in Verona , Italy . The club played in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season and has 39371 members .
A . C . Chievo Verona is in the Serie A league and are located in Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi .
Italian born Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S . S . D . and Carrarese Calcio . He is also a member of the Carrarese Calcio .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy , the leader of the <$DEMONYM$> is the leading party .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league , they have 4150 members and played in the 2014 season .
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also plays for F . C . Bari 1908 and is in the F . C . Bari 1908 club .
A . C . Lumezzane played in the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metap á n is UNK Asociaci ó n Deportiva UNK .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is UNK Isidro Metap á n UNK . They have 10000 members and their ground is in Estadio Jorge Calero Su á rez .
Jorge Humberto Rodr í guez has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club C . D . FAS .
The full name of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is UNK A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis UNK .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken in that country .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for both R . S . C . and Runcorn F . C . Halton .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for both R . S . C . and Stockport County F . C . .
UNK is located in Blackpool where the leader is Gordon Marsden . The manager of UNK is Stuart Parker who has represented the club KV Mechelen and KV Mechelen .
Stuart Parker is the manager of AFC Blackpool . He has represented the club KV Mechelen and has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Runcorn F . C . Halton .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Sparta Rotterdam .
A . F . C . Blackpool has 1500 members .
A . F . C . Fylde is playing in the town of The Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the The Fylde .
AFC Fylde has the full name UNK Association Football Club Fylde UNK , it ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde and they have 3180 members .
The ground for A . F . C . Fylde , which has 3180 members , is the Bryning Lane .
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is UNK Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl UNK , they have 5300 members . The club ' s ground is in Italy and they played in the 2014 season .
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is UNK Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl UNK , they have 5300 members . The club ' s ground is in Stadio Pietro Barbetti and they played in the 2014 season .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 is playing in the town of Italy .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ( full name UNK Livorno Calcio S . p . A . UNK , has 19238 members and their ground is Stadio Armando Picchi . They have 19238 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
Christian Panucci has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Italy national football team .
A . S . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .
A . S Roma ( ground of Rome , Italy ) has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome , Italy .
A . S Roma ' s ground is Rome , Italy and they play in the Serie A league .
A . S Roma ' s fullname is A . S Roma , has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome . They have 70634 members .
AS Roma competed in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , is available in print with OCLC number 51969173 and an OCLC number of 51969173 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in print form .
A Glastonbury Romance with the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 is a print production .
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover , has an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number of 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance with the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 is a print production .
A Glastonbury Romance is produced in print and has 1174 pages .
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and OCLC number 57392246 .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people are an ethnic group . It was published by Faber and Faber which is located in Ireland . White people are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland .
A Long Long Way , written in English , is written in English , is spoken in Great Britain .
A Long Long Way was written by Viking Press in the Ireland . It was followed by The Secret Scripture and followed by The Secret Scripture .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people live , and published by Faber and Faber , The Secret Scripture and was followed by The Secret Scripture .
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The A Loyal Character Dancer was published by the United States company Soho Press .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , located in the United States , which has Barack Obama as its leader .
A Severed Wasp , OCLC number 8805735 , is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and is in print . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the OCLC number is 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L ' Engle .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . It was published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp , available in hardcover , has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is in print with the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and is available in print .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English .
A Wizard of Mars with the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 is a print production .
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane was produced in print with the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . It is available in hardcover .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in hardcover . It has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 and is available in print .
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Denmark was designed by 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is Marriott International .
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is owned by Bella Center . The hotel has 23 floors .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and owned by Bella Center . It has 23 floors .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ( which has 23 floors ) is Marriott International .
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league which is based in Italy .
The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is ATISET .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is focused on Computer science and the ISSN number of 1046 - 8188 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics and has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . It comes under the academic discipline of Computer science .
AEK Athens F . C . , with 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greece league and has 69618 members .
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . who is in the Superleague Greece league . The club is managed by Gus Poyet who played for the Chelsea F . C . .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in Amsterdam , the leader of the <$DEMONYM$> is the leading party .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed Joden , Godenzonen .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , with 5000 members , play in the Hoofdklasse league and have 5000 members .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , who has 5000 members , played in the 2014 – 15 Topklasse season .
Frank de Boer has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Frank de Boer has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Ajax Youth Academy .
AFC Ajax is the owner of AFC Ajax which has 53502 members .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which has Elizabeth II as its leader .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which is led by Elizabeth II , whose capital is London .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom , which has Elizabeth II as its leader .
The American Journal of Math EISSN number is 2158 .
AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics and is published by American Institute of Physics .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) has the abbreviation of AIP Adv . and has an LCCN number of <$LCCN_NUMBER$> .
The fullname of AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members , is Alkmaar Zaanstreek .
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek . They have 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn . He also plays for AFC Ajax and İ stanbulspor A . Ş . .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members .
The Olympic Stadium , located in Shuvalan , is the home ground of AEK Shuvalan FC .
AZAL PFK ' s ground is in AZAL Arena and they play in Azerbaijan Premier League , the champions of which are Olympiacos F . C .
AZAL Arena , the ground of AZAL PFK , is located in Azerbaijan . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , which Qaraba ğ FK were past champions .
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and their ground is located in AZAL Arena . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league of which Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions .
The AZAL PFK club is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702 . 0 .
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Switzerland .
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universit ä t Hamburg is 32024459 .
The area code for Abilene , Texas is 325 .
Abilene , Texas is part of Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , Texas , United States .
With a runway length of 2194 . 0 , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas , United States .
The city of Abilene , Texas , in Texas , is served by Abilene Regional Airport . The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway name of 17L / 35R . The ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and is named 17L / 35R .
The city of Abilene , Texas , in Texas , is served by Abilene Regional Airport . The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway name of 17R / 35L . The ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and is named 17R / 35L .
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir , which was published by the Australians .
Above the Veil was preceded By Australian novel Above the Veil , which was preceded by Aenir , which was written by Australians .
The novel Into Battle was preceded by Aenir and it ' s sequel to Aenir . It was written by Australians and then Into Battle .
The book Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in print form .
Aenir was written by <$AUTHOR$> and then Maiden Castle .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The Accademia is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has <$NUMBEROFSTUDENTS$> students .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The Accademia is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has 600 students . The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta .
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The academy is located in Switzerland and there is 600 students .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The country ' s leader is Federal Chancellor <$LEADERNAME$> .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland , has 600 students and was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has <$NUMBEROFSTUDENTS$> students . Its dean is Mario Botta and it is affiliated with the <$AFFILIATION$> .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Karnataka . The campus was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The current president of the Institute is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the <$WASGIVENTHE'TECHNICALCAMPUS'STATUSBY$> in Mumbai . The institute is located in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school offers <$SPORTSOFFERED$> and <$HASTOITSNORTHEAST$> to its west .
<$ASTRONAUT$> graduated from NWC , M . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with <$AFFILIATION$> . The school is in the state of Karnataka and has <$NUMBEROFPOSTGRADUATESTUDENTS$> postgraduate students . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . It has 700 post - graduate students and is affiliated with the <$AFFILIATION$> .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , <$STATE$> , India . Its director is <$DIRECTOR$> .
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the <$AFFILIATION$> .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in <$CITY$> , India . It was established in 2000 and has <$NUMBEROFPOSTGRADUATESTUDENTS$> post graduate students .
Acharya Institute of Technology has the official number of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India was established in <$ESTABLISHED$> .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school ' s president is B . M . Reddy and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school was established in 2000 and has <$NUMBEROFPOSTGRADUATESTUDENTS$> post graduate students . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the Director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in <$CITY$> . It has a sport of tennis , and its motto is UNK <$MOTTO$> UNK .
The sport of tennis is the sport ' s tennis and the governing tennis sport is tennis .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the <$WASGIVENTHE'TECHNICALCAMPUS'STATUSBY$> in Mumbai and it ' s <$HASTOITSWEST$> . The school was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the <$WASGIVENTHE'TECHNICALCAMPUS'STATUSBY$> in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Belgaum . It was given the UNK Technical Campus UNK status by the <$WASGIVENTHE'TECHNICALCAMPUS'STATUSBY$> in Mumbai . The institute offers Tennis as a sport . The governing body of the Institute is tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( Acta Math . Hungar . ) is focused on Mathematics and the ISSN number of 0236 - 5294 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
Founded by Julius Springer , Springer Science + Business Media published the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
The CODEN code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , or Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and Cumberland County to its north .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is located in Adams County Pennsylvania and has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north east of <$HASTOITSSOUTHWEST$> .
The start date for building Adare Manor was UNK .
Adare Manor , owned by J . P . McManus , was designed by James Pain and completed in 1862 .
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland .
The OCLC number of Addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . It has an LCCN number of 93645978 and the ISSN number of 1360 - 0443 .
Addiction ( journal ) ( Addiction ) has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 and LCCn number <$LCCN_NUMBER$> .
Addiction ( journal ) is published by the Wiley - Blackwell .
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is currently occupied by the Government of Addis Ababa . The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake . The airport has a runway length of 4000 feet .
Adisham Hall is styled as Tudor Revival and is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall , located in Sri Lanka , is Tudor and Jacabia . building of it began in UNK and was completed in 1931 .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabia . building with the Tudor Revival architectural style , was completed in 1931 and is located on St Benedict ' s Monastery in Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the main language is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
The Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where they speak Tamil language .
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka was built in Tudor Revival style and finished in 1931 .
Adisham Hall was constructed in UNK and was completed in 1931 . It has the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement and Jacobean .
Admin . Sci . Q . ( Journal ) has the CODEN Code ASCQAG . and is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . .
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226 .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . It is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
As well as being affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities , Cornell University publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , in the <$COUNTRY$> . It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is located in Ithaca , New York .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , in the <$COUNTRY$> . It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is located in Ithaca , New York .
The runway length of Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport , Alcobendas , is 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE . ENAIRE is located in UNK , Spain .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
The 14L / 32R runway in Adofo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in Madrid has a length of 4100 . 0 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 . The name of the airport is 14L / 32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14L / 32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14R / 32L .
Operated by ENAIRE , the Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebasti á n de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 18R / 36L and has a length of 3500 .
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 .
Aenir by Garth Nix was produced in print with the OCLC number 45644811 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Aenir by Garth Nix was produced in print with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The Infraero is the operating organisation of Afonso Pena International Airport .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is where Agra Airport which has the ICAO location identifier of UNK .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand , and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . The runway length is <$RUNWAYLENGTH$> .
Agra Airport is located in Agra .
Agra Airport , with the ICAO identifier of UNK , is located in India . The Indian Air Force is located in India .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in India where T . S . Thakur is a leader .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and Awadh and Bundelkhand . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh and the leader of Bundelkhand is Ram Naik .
Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the ground of Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , it is in Brazil .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , with their ground in Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C , which has previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , with 17000 members , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . They have 17000 members and their champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league . Previous champions of the league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . They played in the <$SEASON$> season when Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions .
Vica has been the manager of A C Cesena .
The full name of Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , which has 17000 members , is UNK Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense UNK .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C season .
The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) contains water and is from Spain .
Bread is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Ajoblanco .
Ajoblanco , which contains vegetables , come from the Andalusia region of Spain . It includes gram flour and vegetables .
Ajoblanco , which contains vegetables , are popular in the Andalusia region and is popular in neighbouring Southeast , New York and the country ' s name of the main ingredients are bacon butty , vegetables , rasher sandwich , sponge cake , , black pudding , and vegetables .
Ajoblanco ( also known as Ajo blanco ) is from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the ingredient garlic .
Water is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a food found in Andalusia and Spain .
Ajoblanco is a Javanese dish that contains banana leaf .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of Japan is Tar ō As ō and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Filipinos .
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was 2nd October , 2009 .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Akron Summit Assault ( Akron Summit Assault ) has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season . Their full name is Denzil Antonio .
St Vincent - St Mary High School in the United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , which play in the Premier Development League , which K - W United FC were champions . The team play in the Premier Development League , where K - W United FC have been champions .
Akron Summit Assault is playing in the town of St . Vincent – St . Mary High School .
Akron Summit Assault is in the Premier Development League league which has previously won by K - W United FC . They play in the Premier Development League league .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members .
Akron Summit Assault is in the Premier Development League league , and has 3000 members . Their ground is in Athens .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 84 . 0 metres above sea level .
Al Asad Airbase , located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is <$ELEVATIONABOVETHESEALEVEL_(IN_METRES)$> metres above sea level .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq , which has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts . The USAF has Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircfrafts and General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon fighter jets . The USAF fought in the United States invasion of Panama .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts . The USAF has Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircfrafts and McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle fighter jets . The USAF fought in the Korean War .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the Invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft .
The United States Air Force , which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad airbase . They deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers , an attack aircraft , the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules , and fought in Korean War .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama . The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who fought in the Invasion of Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbase and fought in the Korean War .
The United States Air Force , who fought in the Invasion of Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbase and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War , bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase .
The USAF fought in the Korean war and operates Al Asad airbase .
The USAF fought in the Korean war and operates Al Asad airbase .
The construction of Alan B . Miller Hall began in UNK and was completed in <$COMPLETIONDATE$> .
The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia , in the United States .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , which was completed in <$COMPLETIONDATE$> and has a total of architecture .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Virginia , and it is owned by the College of William and Mary .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and is the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia .
The Alan B . Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , which is owned by College of William & Mary .
The College of William and Mary is owned by the College of William and Mary , which was completed on June 1st , 2009 and was completed on June 1st , 2009 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen was Robert A . M . Stern and the tenant of Mason School of Business is the Mason School of Business .
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a crew member on the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 , 1932 . He was a test pilot and a member of the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> crew , which is now retired .
US national Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> alongside backup pilot <$BACKUPPILOT$> .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is a United States national . He was a crew member on the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> , which was operated by NASA .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was a crew member of the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He was a crew member on the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> operated by NASA .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> and was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> and became a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He died in California .
Alan Shepard won Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) awards .
Alan Shepard died in California on the 28th of February 1966 and died in California .
Alan Shepard died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> and died in California .
Alan Shepard was a US citizen who was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and was a test pilot . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He was a test pilot . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
Alan Shepard , a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> , retired in 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1930 in New Hampshire . He was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> and was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He retired on 1 August 1974 .
<$OCCUPATIONASTRONAUT$> was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot . He was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> ' s <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> as a crew member of the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1962 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He retired on 1 , 1974 and later died in California .
The Polish Academy of Sciences is in Romania .
The Alba County is part of Alba County .
The leader of Albany , Georgia is the Mayor .
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 ( square kilometres ) .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the Albuquerque City Council .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the State Senate .
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 .
The novel Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Barack Obama is a leader . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many African Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC . The book is written in English , as spoken in <$SPOKENIN$> .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 is a print production .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in the Community of Madrid in the Alcobendas .
The Alderney Airport serves the island of Alderney and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
The Alderney Airport has a runway length of 733 and its 1st runway surface is poaceae .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which has its headquarters in Jinnah International Airport .
The Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority who operate Allama Iqbal International Airport . The airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , which is led by the Jinnah International Airport .
Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore . The airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a leader of Shehbaz Sharif .
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R / 36L .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Andrews . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport , Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , part of the Central Denmark region .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533 . 0 .
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 / 19 .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of United States .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes cheese and tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region .
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa was B . V . Doshi .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the currency there is the <$CURRENCY$> .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India , and is located in the country of Gujarat , India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , in India . The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the leader of the country is Narendra Modi .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . The leader of Gujarat is T . S . Thakur , the leader of the city is T . S . Thakur .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Ahmedaba , India , where Gujarat is lead by T . S . Thakur .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math . ) is focused on Mathematics and the ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math ) is published bi - monthly and its discipline is Math . It has an ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . It has the ISSN number UNK 1080 - 6377 UNK .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math . ) , first published in 1878 , has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 and was first published in 1878 .
The impact factor of American Journal of Mathematics is 1 . 337 .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka where one of the ethnic groups is Tamil .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka , in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam . The runway is named 18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of <$RUNWAYLENGTH$> .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam .
The area code for Anaheim , California is 657 .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams , Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union .
Canyon , is the county seat of Hays County , Texas .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made from asphalt .
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews , Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews . The runway is 8m long and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin . English is spoken in Texas and its inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the English language is spoken and the local inhabitants are known as Texan .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the Spanish language is spoken and the local inhabitants are known as Texan .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston . The local inhabitants are known as <$DEMONYM$> .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the largest city is Houston . The inhabitants ' s capital is Austin and the state capital is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , and the largest city is Houston .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11 / 29 .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola . The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of <$RUNWAYLENGTH$> .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo which is in the Luanda Province . The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 .
South Runway is the name of the runway at Angola International Airport in Í colo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo in the U . S . A . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
The leader of Ann Arbor , Michigan is the City Administrator .
The leader of Ann Arbor , Michigan is the Mayor .
The population density of Ann Arbor , Michigan is 524 . 5 inhabitants per sq km .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
The leader of Antioch , California is the California ' s 11th State Assembly district .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia where the language is Spanish .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish Government and has jurisdiction over the Flemish Region .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . It is located at 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport , operated by the Flemish government , is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government .
Antwerp International Airport , which is owned by the Flemish Region , is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works . It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level .
Apollo 12 was operated by <$OPERATOR$> ' s Apollo program .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> mission under commander David Scott . He was a crew member on the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> mission .
Crew member David Scott and backup pilot <$BACKUPPILOT$> was a backup pilot on the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> mission . <$BACKUPPILOT$> was the backup pilot .
The Apollo 12 operator is NASA .
The Apollo 8 program was organized by NASA .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin which is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin and is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton , Wisconsin , Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Andrews . The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Andrews . The runway is 8m long and is 280 metres above sea level .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin in the United States .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin in the United States . The airport serves Appleton which is part of Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton ( part of which is Little Chute ) and is located in Greenville ( part of Dale , Wisconsin ) .
Poaceae , which is of the order poales and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport has a third type of Ardmore Airport , which is made of Poaceae and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order of Poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order of Commelinids and belongs to the order of Commelinids and a division of flowering plants .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is located in Auckland .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is 34 metres above sea level . The 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 1411 . 0 . The runway name is 03R / 21L .
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made of Poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level . The 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a food found in Javanese cuisine in Indonesia . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language spoken is Indonesian .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Arem - arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla .
Lemper is a variation of Arem - arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Arem - arem is a dessert that contains sausages and is from the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java . The main ingredients of Arem - arem are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Arem - arem is from the Indonesia region .
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem - arem which comes from the Indonesia region .
Arem - arem is from the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java region .
Arlington , Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
Squid is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Arr ò s negre .
Arr ò s negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Arr ò s negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Squid is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre which is a food found in Catalonia and Spain .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre .
Squid is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre which is from the Valencian Community region , Spain .
Arr ò s negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre which comes from the Valencian Community region .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , in the region of the Valencian Community . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI .
Olive oil is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Arrabbiata sauce .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy , where the capital is Rome , Italian is the language spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the language spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a dish found in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language is Spanish .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is from Rome , Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a dish from the Rome region of Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil .
Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is from Rome , Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Arrabbiata sauce .
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Asam pedas is a dish from the country of Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a food of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . It is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula and Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the country where Malaysian Indians and Malay are ethnic groups . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia . The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and Malaysian Indian are the ethnic group of Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malays are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Sumatra .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U . S . Route 83 . It has the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1911 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
Ashgabat International Airport , Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Turkmenistan airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat . The runway name is 12R / 30L and it is 2989 . 0 in length .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the UNK .
Julia Morgan was born in California and has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum and the Riverside Art Museum .
Julia Morgan was born in California and has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Julia Morgan was born in California . She has designed many significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum and the Riverside Art Museum and Chinatown , San Francisco .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California . It has the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture , was constructed in 1904 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on <$ADDEDTOTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> with the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number <$REFERENCENUMBERINTHENATIONALREGISTEROFHISTORICPLACES$> .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United States . Cyrus Vance Jr is one of the leaders of Manhattan .
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , which is part of Manhattan , United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States . Manhattan and New Netherland are both parts of New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904 .
The comic character Bolt was created by Ren é Goscinny .
The comic character Asterix , also known as <$ALTERNATIVENAME$> , was created by Albert Uderzo .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial was designed by Pietro Canonica .
The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) , was designed by Pietro Canonica , is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara , and it was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument , which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey . The monument ' s capital is Ankara and the largest city is <$LARGESTCITY$> and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The inauguration date of the Atat UNK rk Monument , located in Turkey , is July 27th , , 1932 .
The Atat ü rk Monument ( İ zmir ) is made from rock .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is located in the city of Athens .
The Athens Airport , which serves the city of Athens , has a runway length of 4000 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Alexis Tsipras is the leader of that country .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata .
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport , ICAO location identifier KACY is located in <$LOCATION$> and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Its ICAO location ID is KACY and it is 23 . 0 metres above sea level .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway named 4 / 22 .
Fountain County , Indiana is located within the United States .
Attica , Indiana is part of Fountain County , Indiana .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama .
Len Wein is the creator of the comic book character Aurakles .
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel who is an American .
The comic character Bolt was created by Marv Wolfman .
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea .
Ayam penyet has these main ingredients : fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and comes from Java .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . It comes from the Malaysia region of Java .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia , Indonesia . Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia and the Malaysian Chinese .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore and Java . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Ayam penyet can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The Azerbaijan Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , with the Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and has the title of Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is located in Azerbaijan , a capital city in Baku . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is a monument in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Baku . The source of legislature in Azerbaijan is the National Assembly .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Baku . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
Azerbaijan , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial and is found in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is found in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made of rock , is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku .
Bananaman , the TV series was shown on the BBC which has its headquarters in London . The BBC is located in London .
Sausage are the main ingredients of Bacon Explosion , which is a dish from the United States .
Sausage is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Bacon Explosion .
Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of Bacon Explosion which is a dish from Kansas City metropolitan area and United States .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Barack Obama .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington DC . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the country ' s ethnic group of the country .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States and it ' s leader is John Roberts .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are one ethnic group there .
Bacon Explosion is a main course and contains the ingredient of sausage .
Bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and has the main ingredient , bread . Other names for the bacon sandwich are bread and bacon .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and has the main ingredient , bread . Other names for the bacon sandwich are bread and bacon .
A variation of the BLT , a bacon sandwich , comes from the United Kingdom and has the main ingredient of bacon .
The main ingredient of Bacon sandwich is sweet potatoes , it also includes sago . It is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Baked Alaska is a food found in China where the language is Spanish .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Baked Alaska .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in New York and France .
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is G é rard Larcher . The country ' s leader is G é rard Larcher and the language spoken in Hong Kong is French language .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in New York and United States .
Baked Alaska is a dish served for dessert .
Baked Alaska and Sandesh are both desserts .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska . Sandesh is also a dessert .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska . Sandesh is also a dessert .
Baked Alaska is from either Paris , New York or Hong Kong and is popular in France , United States or China . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding .
Baked Alaska is from the Paisa region , Columbia . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and can be found in the United States , France or China .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the Bakewell tart and one of the ingredients is tomatoes .
A variant of the bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . It includes fruit preserves .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales . It includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . It can be served warm or cold .
Bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is a variation of Bakewell pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire . It includes fruit preserves ( or fruit preserve ) , or fruit preserves .
Frangipane are an ingredient in the bakewell tart .
Noodle is an ingredient of Bakso .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan , designed by H ü seyin B ü t ü ner and Hilmi G ü ner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is located in Azerbaijan , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by H ü seyin B ü t ü ner and Hilmi G ü ner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the <$DEDICATEDTO$> . It is located in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from rock .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan , and is made from red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is made of red granite and white marble , is made of red granite and white marble .
The comic character Bolt was created by Jack Kirby .
The comic character Asterix , also known as Kelvin Mao , was created by Doug Moench .
Bill Oddies stars in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC .
Bananaman first aired on the STV of London .
Bananaman first aired on April 15th 1986 .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman .
Bananaman first aired on tv screens on the 3rd of October 1983 , and starred Bill Oddie .
Bill Oddie , born in Lancashire , stars in Bananaman .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Bananaman first aired on the STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . The series was created by Steve Bright .
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombian cuisine .
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Columbia . It includes lemon which is part of the Rutaceae family and includes lemon as one of the ingredients .
Citrus is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of Columbia and includes lemon . Lemon is one of the ingredients in the order Rosids and the main ingredient of the dish .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka . It was founded in <$ESTABLISHED$> and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka has <$HASTOITSNORTHEAST$> to its west and the <$HASTOITSWEST$> .
Barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from France , where the language is Spanish and leaders include G DC and Claude Bartolone .
Barny cakes , which were created by Mondelez International , can be found in France . The leader of France is G é rard Larcher and the language is indonesian .
Barny cakes can be found in France where two of the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone .
Barny Cakes was created in Mondelez International .
Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured . It includes 1 . 8 g of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
Chocolate is a variation of Barny Cakes .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein .
Batagor , a variation of Siomay , is a dish from the Indonesia . It includes granola and other ingredients .
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Siomay , which contains peanut sauce . It is found in Indonesia .
Batchoy is a dish from the country of Philippines .
Shrimp is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Batchoy .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group .
Chicken is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Vegetable is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Indonesia and found in Singapore . The country ' s leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Indonesian .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the <$CURRENCY$> .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Indonesia region , Singapore and Indonesia , and one of its ingredients is lemon .
Beef kway teow is found in the Indonesia in Columbia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and also in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore , Indonesia . The main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , a country where English language is spoken . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken .
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region where Susana Diaz is the leader .
The language of Belgium is French .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium , the country has jurisdiction of the Flemish region . The Flemish government leads the Flemish region and the leader of the country is Flemish Government .
Belgium ' s leader is Philippe of Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium .
Bhajji originates from the country of India and includes the main ingredients bread , and vegetables .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . It includes gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India , where the leader is Vajubhai Vala . Narendra Modi is a leader in India , where the people who live there are called Indians .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the leader is T . S . Thakur and people are called Indians .
Bhajji originates from India where the people are called Indians and the leaders are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is found in the region of Karnataka , India , where Narendra Modi and Sunmitra Mahajan are leaders called Narendra Modi .
Bhajji is a food found in India and it ' s leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India . The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
Bhajji originates from India where the leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Bhajji , which contains gram flour , vegetables , noodle , sponge cake , are vegetables and it ' s main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses vegetables as an ingredient .
Bibbo Bibbowski , full name Bo Bibbowski , was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman .
The creator of Asterix , a comics character , is Jerry Ordway , who is French .
Jack Kirby won the Eisner Award .
The nationality of Dick Dillin is American .
Sandesh and Binignit are both desserts . Binignit contains sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
Banana is a main ingredient in the dish ' Binignit ' also served with sambal .
Banana is the main ingredient of binignit recipes , which also contains sweet potatoes . It is from the Philippines .
Sago is a main ingredient in the dish ' Binignit ' also served with sambal .
Sweet potato ( class : flowering plant ) , is an ingredient in ajoblanco .
The main ingredients of binignit is sweet potatotes , and it also contains coconut milk .
Binignit is from the Visayas region .
Bionico is a dish from Mexico that contains coconut milk .
Bionico is a dish from the region of Guadalajara in Mexico . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Bionico is a dish from the region of Jalisco in Mexico . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Raisin is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in Jalisco and Mexico .
Bionico is a Mexican dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Susana Diaz is a leader of Jalisco . Bionico is a dessert dish .
Bionico is a dessert found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico . Cake is also a dessert .
Bionico , which has condensed milk in it , is a dish served for dessert .
Bionico is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese .
The <$WRITTENWORK$> has the ISSN number <$ISSN_NUMBER$> .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The city is lead by the UK Labour Party ) and Birmingham ( postcode area ) .
Birmingham , which has the B postcode is lead by the Labour Party and is lead by the Labour Party and John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The comic character Asterix , also known as Jon Valor , was created by Sheldon Moldoff .
UNK Roland Desmond UNK is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin .
The comic character Bolt , was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon , Ernie Colon .
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon , the latter of which is a Puerto Rican national .
The comic character Bolt , with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The creators of the comic character , Bolt , are Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard .
Buzz Aldrin , <$AKAALTERNATIVENAMES$> , was a fighter pilot and a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He was a crew member of 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He was a member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He has retired .
Edwin E Aldrin Jr , more usually known as Buzz , was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Buzz Aldrin is an American citizen who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ( <$PART$> ) , where Joe Biden is a leader .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> and spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> ' s <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> ' s crew . Joe Biden is the leader of the US .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> . He was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> . He was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a doctorate in Science and became a member of the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> mission . He was selected by NASA . He was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> . He was selected by NASA in <$WASSELECTEDBYNASA$> . He was a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national .
Buzz Aldrin , a test pilot , served as a test pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
Buzz Aldrin , who was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> , retired .
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> operated by NASA . He was a member of the <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> operated by NASA . He is now retired .
California is a part of the United States .
Alan Shepard died in California , where the United States Navy was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal .
The novel Aenir was followed by the novel <$FOLLOWEDBY$> .
Celery belongs to the genus Apium and is part of the Apiaceae family . It is an ingredient in Bakso .
Chicago is part of DuPage County , Illinois .
Cornell University is in the <$RESIDENCE$> .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to Æ thelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . It is dedicated to the Æ thelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen .
Lars L ø kke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark .
The leader of <$ISPARTOF$> is Patrick McLoughlin .
The bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and is popular in the County of Derbyshire Dales , where the leader is Patrick McLoughlin . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire Dales , where the bakewell tart ( variation of bakewell pudding ) is popular .
Cake is a dessert .
Cake is a dessert , as is Bionico which contains raisins .
Ice cream is a dessert .
Bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He died in California .
Perth is located in Republic of Ireland .
Dublin is a part of the Leinster .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star ' s star ' s American , Duncan Rouleau . The creator of Baymax is American .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star ' s star ' s American , Duncan Rouleau . The creator of Baymax is American .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star ' s star ' s American , Duncan Rouleau . The creator of Baymax is American .
ENAIRE , which is located in the city of Madrid , operates Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport , in the city of Madrid , in Spain .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States is the location of Atlantic City International Airport which is located in the United States .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competed in the <$COMPETEIN$> in Austin .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 and died in St . Louis . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from NWS from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , died in St . Louis on the 28th of February 1966 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He died in St Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis . He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is competing in the <$COMPETEIN$> .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis .
Elliot See died in St . Louis . He died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See was a test pilot .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language and where English is the language .
A Severed Wasp was published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . English is spoken in Great Britain , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain . English is also the language of Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the capital is Washington DC . The US includes many African Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Joe Biden is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . English is also where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where the leader is Mulatu Teshome . The country ' s leader is Malatu Teshome .
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders there .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in <$CITY$> .
Flemish Government is a leader of Pakistan .
Atlanta is the largest city in Travis County , Washington .
<$CITY$> is a part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Greek is spoken in Greece .
Greece ' s leader is Nikos Voutsis .
Nikos Voutsis is the name of the leader of Greece .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the Gujarat whose leader is Anandiben Patel .
Max Huiberts is associated with the club AEK Athens F . C . .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV which is part of the family Orthoretrovirinae .
HIV is part of the genus Lentivirus .
Harrietstown , New York is part of United States .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala , India . It has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s largest city , India to its northwest . The largest city in India is the Ganges .
The biggest river of India is Mumbai , India is also home to the AWH Engineering College .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country where the leaders are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
The capital of Illinois is Indianapolis .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , the capital of which is Jakarta , where the language is Indonesian and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , led by Jusuf Kalla . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and the capital of Indonesia is Jakarta .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome . The leader of the country is Sergio Mattarella and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and / or Matteo Renzi .
Italians are the people who live in Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country where the people who live there are called Italians .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country where the leader is Pietro Grasso . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the official language is Italian .
Japan has an ethnic group called Brazilians in Japan .
The leader of Japan is Tar ō As ō .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is from Singapore , Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish comes from Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore and is also found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Java and Singapore . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan .
Jens H UNK rtel is part of the SV Germania Sch ö neiche club .
John Buscema won the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar .
Jorge Humberto Rodr UNK guez is a member of the <$CLUB$> .
The <$HASTOITSWEST$> is west of <$HASTOITSWEST$> .
Lee County is the county of Travis County , in the <$COUNTRY$> .
Lemon is a member of the order Rosids .
The birth place of Graeme Garden is <$BIRTHPLACE$> .
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Massimo Drago plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club S . S . Chieti Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena .
The demonym for the inhabitants in Mexico is the Mexicans .
In Mexico one of the languages spoken is Spanish language .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which is categorised as a historic district in the Monocacy National Battlefield , is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , <$NEARESTCITY$> . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
The capital of New York is Trenton , New Jersey .
The ground of AEK Athens F . C . is located in Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) , where the leader party is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and the ground of the ground is <$LEADER$> .
The Olympic Stadium ( Marousi ) is located in Marousi .
Pakistan ' s leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of Community of Madrid .
Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Philippines , where the official language is UNK and the country is also spoken . Ethnic groups there include the llocano people and Igorot people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish . Ethnic groups there include the Zamboangans and Moro people are two of the languages .
The language spoken in the Philippines is Arabic .
Poaceae , which is of the order poales and is of the order poales and commelinids constitutes belonging to the order of Commelinids , New Zealand .
Poaceae , which is of the order poales and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The Port Authority of Four World Trade Center and New Jersey is located in Four World Trade Center .
Canyon is the county seat in Texas , in the US .
The champions of the <$LEAGUE$> are Qarabag FK .
Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest ; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle .
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia . The national anthem of Romania is <$PATRONSAINT$> and the national anthem is De UNK teapt UNK - te , rom UNK ne !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
The Turkish leader is the Turkish name of UNK , romane .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of <$STATE$> which has a Prime Minister of Romania .
SAGE Publications is published by SAGE Publications , whose nickname is <$NICKNAME$> .
The People of <$AIRPORT$> is in Spain .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in the Community of Madrid in the San Sebasti á n de los Reyes .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , and Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York , United States .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark , has 16 , 000 students and was established in 1928 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of <$CITY$> in Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is <$DEAN$> .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark .
Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play . Their full name is UNK Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . UNK and they have <$NUMBEROFMEMBERS$> members .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore and is popular in Indonesia . Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore and the leader of this country is Halimah Yacob . One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English language .
<$FOOD$> is a variation of Siomay .
Siomay is a variation of Batagor and it is a variation of the same dish .
The capital of South Africa is Cape Town .
The <$AIRPORT$> ' s runway name is UNK <$LOCATIONIDENTIFIER$> UNK .
The Euro is the currency of Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI . The country is the home of the dish arros negre and it is from the country .
Arr ò s negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the language is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the currency is the euro . The country ' s leader is Felipe VI of Spain , the language spoken is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Bury F . C . .
Amarillo is the county in New Jersey .
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom .
Elizabeth II is the capital of the United Kingdom where the capital city is London . The country is lead by Elizabeth II and is the location of the AIDS journal .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , where the leader is David Cameron .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS Journal was published . The company Wilkins is located in the UK and the current leader is Elizabeth II .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK .
David Cameron and Elizabeth II are the leaders of the United Kingdom . The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the President . The capital is Washington DC . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is African American . English is spoken in Great Britain .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where English is the language and one of the ethnic groups is African American . The leader of the United States is titled the President and the country has the title of the ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is African American . English is spoken in Great Britain .
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the U . S .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is Joe Biden . One of the leaders in the US is Joe Biden and one of the ethnic groups are White Americans . The country is lead by the President of the United States .
A Severed Wasp was written in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States . The previous president of the country was Barack Obama and the original ethnic group is Native American .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , the country where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group . English is also spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American . The language of the US is English .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States .
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States .
The University of Texas , Austin is affiliated with the <$AFFILIATION$> .
The University of Texas ( Austin is Austin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The County Township , Texas is in the U . S .
William Anders ( born on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> and was a crew member of <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> .
William Anders was a crew member of <$OPERATOR$> ' s <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> along with <$CREWMEMBERS$> and backup pilot <$BACKUPPILOT$> .
William Anders , <$CREWMEMBERS$> , was a crew member on the NASA operated <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> mission , with <$BACKUPPILOT$> as backup pilot and <$BACKUPPILOT$> as a backup pilot .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and graduated from AFIT with an MS from AFIT with an M . S . He served as a crew member on <$WASACREWMEMBEROF$> and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The book <$COMICSCHARACTER$> was created by John Cowper Powys .
