The manager of 1 . FC K ö ln is Peter St ö ger .
1 . FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
The architect of 103 Colmore Row was John Madin .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row .
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . One of the ethnic groups of the country are the White South African and the capital is Cape Town .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the Coloured are an ethnic group .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and Coloured are one of the ethnic groups .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and White South African are one of the ethnic groups .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was produced in print with the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The book " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis " was written by David Weber and was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . The book was written by David Weber .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and was produced in print .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is available in hardcover and has 512 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and was produced in print .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print with the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has 512 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Virginia DeMarce , has 512 pages and is available in hardcover with the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The building of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led by the European Parliament .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom , the capital of which is London . The leader of the country is Elizabeth II and the currency is the Pound sterling .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 .
200 Public Square has a floor count of 45 and is located in Cleveland .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , where Frank G . Jackson is a leader .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 . It has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in Buffalo , New York . It has 12 floors and cost 120 million Australian dollars .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , New York .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , which is led by Barack Obama .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States , where Susana Mendoza is a leader .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 and is located in Illinois .
The architect of 3Arena was HOK SVE .
3Arena was designed by the architect , HOK SVE and was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena was designed by the architect , Populous ( company ) and was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge .
3Arena , designed by the architect HOK SVE , is located in North Wall , Dublin .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in East Link Bridge .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . The Lord Mayor of the city is CHANCELLOR .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin which is part of Republic of Ireland . 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . The D á il É ireann is the leader of Dublin .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Beverly Hills , California .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and play in the Serie B league .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Carpi F . C . 1909 . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . Roma and plays for Calcio Catania .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona , Italy , which has 39371 members , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " . The club played in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season and has 39371 members .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and they play in the Serie A .
Rolando Maran has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and manages A . C . Chievo Verona . He also plays for Carrarese Calcio .
The ground of A . C . Lumezzane is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso .
A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the 2014 season .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Michele Marcolini who was at FC Bari 1908 . He also plays for F . C . Bari 1908 and is the manager of A . C . Lumezzane .
A . C . Lumezzane played in the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metap á n is Asociaci ó n Deportiva .
The full name of AC Chievo Estadio Jorge Calero Su á rez is " Isidro Metap á n " and they have 10000 members . Their full name is " Isidro Metap á n " .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metap á n is Jorge Humberto Rodr í guez who played for C . D . FAS .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s full name is " A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken in Greece .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and plays for Stockport County F . C . .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Stuart Parker , who has represented the club Chesterfield F . C . . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who has represented the club Chesterfield F . C . .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and manages A . F . C . Blackpool .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Runcorn F . C . Halton .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Sparta Rotterdam .
A . F . C . Blackpool has 1500 members .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in The Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in The Fylde .
The fullname of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and their ground is in Warton , Fylde . The club has 3180 members .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Bryning Lane .
The full name of AC Chievo Italy , which has 5300 members , is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . The club has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
The full name of AC Chievo Stadio Pietro Barbetti , which has 5300 members , is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . The club has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Italy .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and they played in the 2014 – 15 Serie B season . The club has 19238 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Serie B season .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Christian Panucci who is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and plays for Real Madrid C . F . .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who played for Italy national football team .
A . S . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .
The fullname of A . S . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) has 70634 members .
AS Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they play in the Serie A league .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) has 70634 members and played in the Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
AS Roma competed in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in print .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 pages .
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
The book " A Long Long Way " was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book was published by Faber and Faber in the Ireland .
The book A Long Long Way was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book was followed by The Secret Scripture .
The book " A Long Long Way " was written by Ireland and was published by Viking Press . The book was followed by The Secret Scripture .
The book " A Long Long Way " was written by Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture . The book was written by Ireland and followed by The Secret Scripture .
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 . It is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L ' Engle .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is in print and has 388 pages . The ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English .
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which was designed by the architect 3XN .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark . It has 23 floors .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and is owned by Bella Center .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors .
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league in Italy .
The CODEN code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is ATISET .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . and has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 and the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece league .
The manager of AEK Athens F . C . is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F . C . . He is in the Superleague Greece league , which was previously won by Juventus FC .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam , where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
Alvinegro is the nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and play in the Hoofdklasse league .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Topklasse season .
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer .
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who played for Ajax Youth Academy .
AFC Ajax is owned by AFC Ajax N . V . and has 53502 members .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader and the capital city is London .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader .
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158 .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances and is published by American Institute of Physics .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) has a CODEN code of AAIDBI and a CODEN code of AAIDBI .
The fullname of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and it has 17023 members .
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " . They have 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn . He is owned by Robert Eenhoorn and owned by Robert Eenhoorn .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is John van den Brom who played for De Graafschap and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan .
AZAL PFK ' s ground is in AZAL Arena and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Azerbaijan . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the championship team is Qarabag FK .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is in AZAL Arena , they have 3500 members and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league .
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702 . 0 .
The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard .
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universit ä t Hamburg is 32024459 .
The area code for Abilene , Texas is 325 .
Abilene , Texas is part of the U . S .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas , United States . It has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
Abilene , part of Taylor County , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport . The airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Abilene Regional Airport , which serves the city of Abilene , Texas has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and is named 17L / 35R .
Abilene Regional Airport , which serves the city of Abilene , Texas has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and is named 17R / 35L .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which was preceded by the novel Castle .
The novel Into Battle is preceded by Aenir . The book was preceded by the novel Castle and the novel Maiden Castle .
The novel Aenir was written in English and followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in print .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and ACADEMICSTAFFSIZE academic staff .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 600 students and ACADEMICSTAFFSIZE academic staff .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum , STATE was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The state of Karnataka has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west . It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in the Bundesliga .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has NUMBEROFPOSTGRADUATESTUDENTS postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated to the AFFILIATION .
The International Tennis Federation is the governing body of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has HAS TO ITS NORTHEAST to the northeast . The Institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . and has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Mathematics .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science + Business Media whose founder is Julius Springer .
The CODEN code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and HAS TO ITS SOUTHWEST to its north . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The building of Adare Manor began in 1700 .
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland .
The OCLC number of Addiction ( journal ) is 27367194 .
Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction It has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
The Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 and the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Addiction ( journal ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell .
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which is 28 metres high .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . It has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
The construction of Adisham Hall , which was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 , is Tudor and Jacobean .
The Adisham Hall was built in 1927 and completed in 1931 . It is located at Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
The Tamil language is spoken in Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located .
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka .
The construction of Adisham Hall , which was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 , is Tudor and Jacobean .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . ) has a CODEN code of " ASCQAG " .
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226 .
Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 . The runway name is 14L / 32R .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 911 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 metres .
The runway name of Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14L / 32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 14R / 32L .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebasti á n de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is available in print with the OCLC number 45644811 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is available in print with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by the Infraero .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Uttar Pradesh Civil Aviation Authority .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport is 911 meters above sea level .
Agra Airport is located in Agra .
Agra Airport is operated by the India Civil Aviation Authority and is located in India .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in India where the leader is T . S . Thakur .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . The team played in the SEASON season .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
The manager of Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense " . It has 17000 members .
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C season .
Ajoblanco is also known as Bhaji or bajji .
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich which comes from the Spain .
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Spain .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from the Andalusia region of Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from the Andalusia region of Spain .
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region in Spain .
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil .
Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of the country is Tar ō As ō and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Japanese people .
Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and was completed in COMPLETIONDATE .
Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 2013 - 09 - 28 .
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is part of Akita Prefecture in the Japan . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is " Akron Summit Assault " . The club has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the United States .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is in Akron , Ohio , and they play in the Premier Development League league in United States .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is in St . Vincent – St . Mary High School .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are K - W United FC . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League league .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 84 . 0 metres above sea level .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is ELEVATIONABOVETHESEALEVEL_(IN_METRES) metres above sea level .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought battles in the Korean war . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought battles in the Korean war . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the AIRCRAFTFIGHTER aircraft fighter .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and Korean War .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the United States invasion of Panama .
Alan B . Miller Hall was built in 30 March 2007 and was built in 30 March 2007 .
The Mason School of Business is the current tenants of the Alan B . Miller Hall .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which is located in Virginia and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located in Virginia , United States .
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , which is owned by the College of William and Mary .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary and is located in Williamsburg , Virginia .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky ( designed by architect Robert A . M . Stern ) is Mason School of Business .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in WAS SELECTED BY NASA . He was a crew member on Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He retired on 1 August 1974 .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1927 in New Hampshire . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1927 in New Hampshire . He graduated from the NWC , M . A . 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 23rd of July 1927 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California .
Alan Shepard won Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) awards .
Alan Shepard died in California .
Alan Shepard died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from the NWC , M . A . 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in St Louis .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and attended the NWC , M . A . 1957 . He was a test pilot and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1927 in New Hampshire . He attended the U of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard was a crew member on Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of Apollo 14 . He retired on the 1st of August , 1974 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was a crew member of Apollo 14 and was a crew member on Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Tirstrup is in the country of Romania .
Tirstrup is part of the Alba County .
The Mayor leads Albany , Georgia .
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 ( square kilometres ) .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States .
The Albuquerque City Council leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The State Senate leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , which is part of the community of Madrid .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is headquartered in Jinnah International Airport .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is located in Punjab , Pakistan . The leader of Punjab , Pakistan is called the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan . Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan .
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R / 36L .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michigan . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan which is part of United States .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533 . 0 .
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 / 19 .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the U . S .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the U . S .
The main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region .
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa was B . V . Doshi .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . The leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . The leader of the country is Narendra Modi and the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Gujarat ' s leader is called T . S . Thakur and the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , which is lead by T . S . Thakur .
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number of " 1080 - 6377 " .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
American Journal of Mathematics has the impact factor 1 . 337 .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam .
Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam airport which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam airport which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway , which has a length of 2014 . 0 , is named 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and is operated by Schiphol Group .
Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam .
The area code for Anaheim , California is 657 .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the U . S .
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews County , Texas .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and the 5th runway is made of asphalt .
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews , Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews , Texas . The airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin . The inhabitants of Texas are called Texans and the language spoken is English .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Spanish is the language spoken in Texas and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Spanish is the language spoken in Texas and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Houston is the largest city in Texas . Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin . Houston is the largest city in Texas and the state ' s inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Houston is the largest city in Texas , United States .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the largest city is Houston .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11 / 29 .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad .
Angola , Indiana is part of the U . S .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda , Angola and serves the city of Luanda . The airport is 159 metres above sea level .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Í colo e Bengo , Angola . The runway name is South Runway .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Í colo e Bengo , part of the community of Madrid in Angola .
The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor , Michigan .
The Mayor leads Ann Arbor , Michigan .
The population density of Ann Arbor , Michigan is 1580 . 7 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
The California ' s 11th State Assembly district leads Antioch , California .
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region in Colombia .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium . Antwerp is led by the Flemish Government .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region . It is owned by the Flemish Region and is 12 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is operated by the Flemish government .
Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp is owned by the Flemish Region . It is located 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Apollo 11 was commanded by COMMANDER .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission operated by NASA . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission operated by NASA . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 .
Apollo 12 was operated by NASA .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , Wisconsin .
Abilene , Grand Chute , Wisconsin is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin . The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , part of the community of Madrid in United States . The airport serves Appleton .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington and Dale , Wisconsin .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Poales .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order ORDER .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Poales .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is located in Auckland .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The airport is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway name is 03R / 21L and has a length of 1411 . 0 .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway name is 03R / 21L and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine region of Indonesia . The leader of the country is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Barny cakes can be found in Indonesia where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Jusuf Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , which is home to the dish Arem - arem . The dish comes from the country of Indonesia .
Arem - arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine region . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . It is served as a dessert and comes from the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java .
Arem - arem is from the Indonesia region .
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem - arem which comes from the Indonesia region .
Arem - arem is from the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java region .
Arlington , Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
Squid is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre which comes from the Spain .
The main ingredients of Arr ò s negre are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The main ingredients of Arr ò s negre are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Squid is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre which comes from the Catalonia region in Spain .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre .
Squid is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre which comes from the Valencian Community region of Spain .
The main ingredients of Arr ò s negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . It comes from the Valencian Community region of Spain .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arr ò s negre which comes from the Valencian Community region .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The leader of the country is Felipe VI of Spain and the people are known as Spaniards .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella . The capital is Rome and the language spoken there is Italian .
Barny cakes can be found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is one of the ingredients in the dish Arrabbiata sauce which is from the Rome region in Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a dish from Rome , Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil .
Garlic is one of the ingredients in the dish Arrabbiata sauce which is from the Rome region in Italy .
Tomato is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' .
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil .
Asam pedas is from Malaysia .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . The dish comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Chinese .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group there .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U . S . Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U . S . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is 211 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Ashgabat . The runway name is 12R / 30L and it has a length of 2989 . 0 . The runway name is 12R / 30L and has a length of 2989 . 0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco . He was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed several significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed several significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and is located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United States . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which is part of New Netherland , in the United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 .
Asterix ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Ren é Goscinny .
The creators of the comic character , Bolt , are Harry Sahle and Albert Uderzo .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
The Atat ü rk Monument ( İ zmir ) is made from rock .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata .
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
With a runway length of 1873 . 0 , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 . The runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . The runway name is 4 / 22 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in the United States .
Attica , Indiana is part of the U . S .
Auburn , Alabama is part of the U . S .
Aurakles was created by Len Wein and Len Wein .
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson .
Auron ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Marv Wolfman .
Tomato is part of the genus Persea .
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Indonesia , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish comes from the region of Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region . The main ingredients are Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Ayam penyet can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . The monument was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of CAPITAL .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of CAPITAL , is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of CAPITAL . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of CAPITAL .
Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC , which is located in London .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital is Washington DC .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington DC .
Barny cakes can be found in United States where the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The capital of the US is Washington D . C .
Bacon Explosion is a dessert that contains raisins .
The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the BLT .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Barny cakes are found in China where the Standard Chinese is spoken .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the France , United States or China .
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region in France .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of France . The leader of France is G é rard Larcher and the language spoken there is French language .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region in United States .
Baked Alaska is a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains raisins .
A cookie is a dessert , as is Baked Alaska . Sandesh is also a dessert .
A cookie is a dessert , as is Baked Alaska . Sandesh is also a dessert .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the Bakewell tart which is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
A variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . It contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The main ingredients are bakewell pudding .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The leader of Derbyshire is Patrick McLoughlin .
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart .
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso .
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of CAPITAL . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is found in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from rock .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The monument was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made from red granite and white marble .
Balder ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Jack Kirby .
Kelvin Mao , otherwise known as Kelvin Mao , was created by Doug Moench .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by BBC .
STARRING starred in Bananaman .
STARRING stars in Bananaman .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman .
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 .
Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . The series was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Antioquia Department in Colombian cuisine .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are MAININGREDIENTS .
Citrus is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa Region region of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Paisa Region , Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka . It was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the WAS GIVEN THE 'TECHNICAL CAMPUS' STATUS BY in Bangalore , Karnataka .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the France . The country ' s leaders include Claude Bartolone and Narendra Modi .
Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International , was founded in Chicago . The leader of France is G é rard Larcher and the national language is French .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Claude Bartolone .
Barny Cakes was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein , FAT of fat and 18 grams of carbs .
Chocolate is a variation of Barny Cakes .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein .
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage .
Batagor is a dish from the Indonesia . Shumai is a variation of Shumai . Shumai is a variation of Shumai .
Batchoy is from Philippines .
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines where the Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group .
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Vegetable is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the Standard Chinese is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Barny cakes can be found in Singapore where the currency is the CURRENCY and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . The dish is from the Indonesia region .
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region of the Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , Indonesia . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Singapore region of the Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Singapore region , where the leader is Tony Tan . The English language is spoken in Singapore .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , where the English language is spoken . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , where the English language is spoken .
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region where the Standard Chinese is spoken .
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region where the leader is Tony Tan .
The language of Belgium is French .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The country ' s leaders are Charles Michel and Flemish Government .
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The airport serves the city of Antwerp .
The main ingredients of Bhajji are bacon and sausage .
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Barny cakes can be found in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India . The leader of India is Vajubhai Vala and the people are known as Indian people .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the leader is T . S . Thakur and people are called Indian people .
Barny cakes are found in India where the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India . Two leaders in India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Barny cakes can be found in India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India . Two leaders of the country are T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
Barny cakes can be found in India where the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which is a dish served for dessert .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Bo Bibbowski , was created by John Buscema and Marv Wolfman .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by the American , Jerry Ordway .
Doug Moench won the Eisner Award .
The BBC has won the AWARD .
Binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato . Sandesh is also a dessert . Sandesh is also a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana .
The main ingredients of Binignit are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sago .
Sweet potato is an ingredient of Binignit and is a member of the ORDER order .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato .
Binignit is from the Visayas region .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a type of soup and can be found in Mexico .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Jalisco region in Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . Jes ú s Casillas Romero is the leader of the Jalisco .
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara , Mexico . Enrique Pe ñ a Nieto is the leader of the country .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , a dish served for dessert .
Bionico is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The governing body of Birmingham is GOVERNINGBODY .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The city has the postcode area ' B ' and is lead by Labour politician John Clancy .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council .
Jon Valor , otherwise known as Jon Valor , was created by Sheldon Moldoff .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Bolt ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Dan Mishkin .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Jan Duursema and Dan Mishkin .
The comic character , Balder , has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . It was created by both Dan Mishkin and the American , Jack Kirby .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard .
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in WAS SELECTED BY NASA . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in WAS SELECTED BY NASA . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in WAS SELECTED BY NASA . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , which was operated by OPERATOR .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as a backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national .
Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was a fighter pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as a backup pilot .
California is in the United States .
Alan Shepard died in California .
The novel Into Battle is followed by Aenir .
Apium is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bakso which is part of the Apiaceae family .
Chicago is part of DuPage County , Illinois .
The nickname of Cornell University is Cornell Big Red .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to Æ thelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen .
The leader of Denmark is Lars L ø kke Rasmussen .
The leader of Catalonia is Patrick McLoughlin .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it comes from the Derbyshire Dales region . The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin .
A variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . It is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire . The leader of Derbyshire is Patrick McLoughlin .
Cake is a type of dessert .
Bionico is a dessert that contains raisins .
Ice cream is a type of dessert .
Bionico is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He died in California .
Dublin is in the country of Republic of Ireland .
Dublin is part of the Leinster .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax , a character in the film Big Hero 6 , was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax , a character in the film Big Hero 6 , was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax , a character in the film Big Hero 6 , was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . It has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and the Egg Harbor Township .
Elliot See was born in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis .
Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot and died in St Louis .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot and died in St Louis .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot and died in St Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . He died in St Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis . He was a student at the University of Texas in Austin and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas system . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . He died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Elliot See died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Elliot See was a fighter pilot .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on November 18th , 1923 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is the language spoken .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . and African Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language of the US and Great Britain .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . , where Joe Biden is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language spoken in the US and Great Britain .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Addis Ababa Stadium , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leaders of Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
The leader of Iraq is called Flemish Government .
Atlanta is the largest city in Linn County , Oregon .
Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the United States .
The language of Greece is Greek .
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis .
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the Gujarat , which is lead by Anandiben Patel .
Max Huiberts is in the AEK Athens F . C . club .
The AIDS ( journal ) belongs to the academic discipline , HIV .
HIV is part of the genus Lentivirus .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of United States .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . India ' s largest city is LARGESTKuttikkattoor .
AWH Engineering College is located in India . Mumbai is the largest city in India and Mumbai is the largest city .
The leader of India is called Sumitra Mahajan .
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the language is Italian .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Bakso is a food found in Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia . The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
The capital of Italy is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Italians inhabit Italy .
The capital of Italy is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the people are known as Italians .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the official language is Italian .
The Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
The leader of Japan is Tar ō As ō .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in the Philippines .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish comes from the Singapore region where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and Singapore .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish comes from the Singapore region where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
Jens Härtel is in the SV Germania Sch ö neiche club .
John Buscema won the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
John van den Brom plays for CLUB .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is in the CLUB club .
The state of Karnataka has HAS TO ITS NORTHEAST to its northeast .
Lee County in Alabama is in the state of Alabama .
Almonds are from the order Rosids .
The governing body of the BBC is the GOVERNINGBODY .
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Massimo Drago plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio .
Massimo Drago manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio .
Mexicans inhabit Mexico .
The Spanish language , is one of the languages spoken in Mexico .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the US . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , NEARESTCITY . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 .
The capital of New Jersey is Newark .
The ground of AEK Athens F . C . is located in Athens , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Marousi .
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Alcobendas is part of the Community of Madrid .
The llocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
The llocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
The Arabic is spoken in the Philippines .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The Port Authority of Four World Trade Center and New Jersey is headquartered in Four World Trade Center .
Potter County is in Texas .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are K - W United FC .
Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . Romania ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
The leader of Romania is known as the President . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the country .
The Arrow has won the AWARD .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis .
The SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is published by SAGE Publications .
San Sebastián de los Reyes is located in Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes , which is part of the community of Madrid .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States .
Lake Placid , New York is part of United States .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . It is affiliated to the European University Association .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Stadio Olimpico and they have a ground in Stadio Olimpico . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions .
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where the English language is spoken . Beef kway teow is a traditional dish from Singapore and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
FOOD is a variation of Siomay .
Siomay is a variation of Siomay and is a variation of Batagor .
The capital of South Africa is Springfield .
The BBC is governed by the BBC .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where the currency is the Euro and the Spaniards are an ethnic group . Arr ò s negre is a traditional dish from Spain .
Arr ò s negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the language is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where the currency is the Euro and the currency is the Euro . Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Spain , where the currency is the Euro .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Bury F . C . .
Lee County , Texas is in the United States .
London is the capital of the UK .
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II and the capital is London . The country is also where the language is Italian and the capital is London .
The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The leader of the country is David Cameron .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom . The leader of the country is T . S . Thakur and Elizabeth II .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK . The leader of the country is David Cameron and the parent company of the country is Wolters Kluwer .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . C . and Paul Ryan is a leader .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many African Americans .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President . One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans and the leader is John Roberts .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans .
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English .
The White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and is lead by President Joe Biden .
A Severed Wasp was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is Barack Obama .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the leader is Barack Obama . A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States .
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States .
The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
PRESIDENT is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Amarillo is the largest city in Linn County , Oregon .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
William Anders was a crew member on Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in WAS SELECTED BY NASA . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in WAS SELECTED BY NASA .
Weymouth Sands was written by John Cowper Powys .