Peter St ö ger manages 1 . FC K ö ln . 
1 . FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season . 
John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row . 
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row . 
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader in South Africa . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital city is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , and has the capital of Cape Town . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the White South African . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Coloured are an ethnic group . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma . 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma . 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and to the southeast . 
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 . 
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint . 
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . 
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written after 1634 : The Baltic War and was written by David Weber . It was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and followed by Ring of Fire II . 
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III . 
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is 512 pages long . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and published in print . It has the ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . , is available in hardcover and has 512 pages . 
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Virginia DeMarce , has 512 pages and was published in E - book . It has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . 
20 Fenchurch Street was built in January 2009 . 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , the city which is lead by the European Parliament . 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom . 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London and the leader is Elizabeth II . 
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 . 
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland . 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , and is governed by the Cleveland City Council . 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , where Frank G . Jackson is a leader . 
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and began in January , 2014 and has 12 floors , it ' s floor area is 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . 
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York began in January , 2014 and has 12 floors , is 111484 square metres . It was built in January , 2014 and cost 110 million dollars . 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , in Erie County , Erie County , in New York . 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , which is lead by Barack Obama . 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors . 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois . 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader . 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and its location is the DuPage County , Illinois . 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois . 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena . 
3Arena , Dublin , was designed by HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 . 
3Arena , Dublin , was designed by Populous ( company ) and completed in December 2008 . 
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge . 
3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , is located in North Wall , Dublin . 
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge , which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . It is lead by Cr í ona N í Dh á laigh and is the owner of the 3Arena . 
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , where Cr í ona N í Dh á laigh is the leader . 
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . The D á il É ireann is lead by the D á il É ireann . 
3Arena is located in Beverly Hills , California and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . 
A . C . Cesena , with 23900 members , play in Cesena and play in the Serie B league . 
A . C . Cesena play in the Serie B , the champions of which are Carpi F . C . 1909 . 
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays in S . S . D . C . and plays for Calcio Catania . 
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . C . Chievo Verona ) has 39371 members and are in Verona , Italy . The club played in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season and has 39371 members . 
A . C . Chievo Verona is in the Serie A league and their ground is in Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . 
Rolando Maran has been the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona and a player for Carrarese Calcio . He is also the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona . 
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is the Italy which is located in Italy . The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso and the ground of A . C . Lumezzane is . 
A . C . Lumezzane , who have 4150 members , played in the 2014 season . 
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A . C . Lumezzane and plays for both . He also manages A . C . Lumezzane and is attached to the club Genoa CFC . 
A . C . Lumezzane played in the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season . 
Asociaci ó n Deportiva is abbreviated to A . D . Isidro Metap á n . 
Isidro Metap á n ( abbreviated to A . D . Isidro Metap á n ) has 10000 members and their ground is The Mechanics . 
Jorge Humberto Rodr í guez , who has been manager of A . D . Isidro Metap á n , plays for C . D . FAS . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s full name is " A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The language spoken in the country is Greek . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Greece ' s leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season . 
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for both United FC and Runcorn F . C . Halton . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for both United FC and Stockport County F . C . . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been manager of AC Lumezzane which is located in Blackpool . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays at Stockport County FC and is attached to the club Chesterfield F . C . . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Irlam Town F . C . . He has also been manager of A . F . C . Blackpool . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , who has been manager of A . F . C . Blackpool , plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , who has been manager of A . F . C . Blackpool , plays for Sparta Rotterdam . 
A . F . C . Blackpool has 1500 members . 
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in The Fylde . 
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the The Fylde . 
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde , and it has 3180 members . 
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in Bryning Lane . 
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . They have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . 
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . They have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . 
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Italy . 
A . S . Livorno Calcio , full name " Livorno Calcio S . p . A . , is the full name of " Livorno Calcio S . p . A . " . They played in the 2014 – 15 Serie B season and has 19238 members . 
Christian Panucci is at Colwyn Bay FC and is the manager of FC Kolin . 
Christian Panucci , who has been manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio , plays for Italy national football team . 
A . S . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members . 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . is the full name A . S . Roma , has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome , Italy . 
A . S . Roma play in Serie A . 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has the Rome as its ground and 70634 members . A . S . Roma played in Serie A in 2014 . 
A . S . Roma was in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice , ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , is written by J . V . Jones and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice , by J . V . Jones , is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 51969173 and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in print form . 
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 . 
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 is 76798317 . 
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 . 
A Glastonbury Romance is 1174 pages in print and has 1174 pages . 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 . 
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 . 
A Long Long Way is published in the Ireland by Faber and Faber , the country where the White people are an ethnic group . 
A Long Long Way is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book was followed by The Secret Scripture and followed by The Secret Scripture . 
A Long Long Way was written by Viking Press and is based in the Ireland . It was published by Viking Press and was followed by The Secret Scripture . 
A Long Long Way is written by Ireland and was preceded by Annie Dunne . The book was written in Ireland and followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber . 
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States . 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , which Barack Obama is the leader . 
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 . 
A Severed Wasp , with OCLC number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is available in print . It has the OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . 
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L ' Engle . 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . 
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . 
A Severed Wasp is 388 pages long and was published in print with the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . 
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313 . 
A Wizard of Mars is written in English . 
A Wizard of Mars is in print and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . 
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in Hardcover . It has the OCLC number 318875313 . 
A Wizard of Mars which was written by Diane Duane is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . 
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in hardcover with the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . 
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . 
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark , is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . 
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center and it has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center . 
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , owned by Bella Center , has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the firm 3XN . It is owned by Bella Center and tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel . 
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen . 
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league , which is based in Italy . 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has a CODEN code of " ATISET " . 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is Computer science . It has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 . 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is Computer science . The ISSN number is 1558 - 2868 and the ISSN number is 1558 - 2868 . 
AEK Athens F . C . , who have 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greece league . 
Gus Poyet , who is part of the Chelsea F . C . club , plays for the Superleague Greece . AEK Athens F . C . is also the location of the Superleague Greece . Olympiacos F . C . are the champions of this league . 
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is the Amsterdam which is located in Amsterdam . The leader of the country is Eberhard van der Laan and the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is . 
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) nickname is Asa Gigante . 
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members . 
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . 
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , which has 5000 members , played in the 2014 – 15 Topklasse season . 
Frank de Boer manages AFC Ajax . 
Frank de Boer , who has been manager of AFC Ajax , plays for Ajax Youth Academy . 
AFC Ajax club has 53502 members and played in the SEASON . 
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II . 
AIDS ( journal ) was published in the United Kingdom , by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , led by Elizabeth II . 
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader . 
AIP Advances is the EISSN number . 
AIP Advances is published by American Institute of Physics . It is A . T . Charlie Johnson in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances . 
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) has a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " . 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar ) has 17023 members . 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members , is Alkmaar Zaanstreek . They played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members . 
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and İ stanbulspor A . Ş . . 
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for the De Graafschap . He is also attached to the club De Graafschap . 
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members . 
The ground of AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , where the ground of AZAL PFK is located . 
AZAL PFK , who play at AZAL Arena , play in Azerbaijan Premier League , which Qaraba ğ FK were champions . 
AZAL PFK ' s ground is located at AZAL Arena , Azerbaijan and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league . Qaraba ğ FK were champions at the Azerbaijan Premier League . 
AZAL PFK , which has 3500 members , is the ground of AZAL PFK and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league , which has 3500 members . 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702 . 0 . 
The leader of the government is Jacob Bundsgaard . 
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universit ä t Hamburg has the LCCN number 32024459 . 
The area code of Abilene , Texas is 325 . 
Abilene , Texas is part of Texas . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas which is part of Taylor County , Texas , United States . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas , which is part of Texas . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas , United States . The runway length is 1121 . 0 and it is served by the Abilene regional airport . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Jones County , Texas in the U . S . A . The airport ' s runway is 2194 . 0 meters . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The ICAO is KABI in the length of the runway and has the name 17L / 35R . 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The ICAO is KABI in the length of the runway and has the name 17R / 35L . 
Aenir is a sequel to the Australian novel . 
Aenir is the sequel to Castle ( novel ) and was written in the Australian Castle . 
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which was preceded by Into Battle ( novel ) and followed by The Violet Keystone . 
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil and was followed by Above the Veil . 
Above the Veil is available in print form . 
Aenir was preceded by Castle ( novel ) . 
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta . 
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and is located in Switzerland . The dean is Mario Botta . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Switzerland . It has 600 students . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 600 students . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 600 students and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio . It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in 2000 . Its president is B . M . Reddy . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school is in the state of Karnataka . It ' s president is B . M . Reddy and the president is B . M . Reddy . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and the exact location of the institute is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka India , was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . The school has 700 post graduate students and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . The school ' s motto is Nurturing Excellence and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , India is located in the city of Bangalore . The motto of the institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology , India , was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . 
The Acharya Institute of Technolgoy is located in the state of Technology , where the Acharya Institute of Technology was granted the All India Council for Technical Education was given " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in the year 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The Director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and there is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in the year 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum . It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has the sports offered of tennis . The Institute is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka ( which has the Arabian Sea ) to its west . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . The institute ' s offered is Tennis ; the governing body for the International Tennis Federation . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education . Acharya Institute is in Mumbai , which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in the city of Belgaum . 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588 - 2632 . It is also known as Acta Math . Hungar . . 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . . 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) is Mathematics . It has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 . 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academically focused on Mathematics . 
Springer Science + Business Media , founded by Julius Springer , is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica . 
The CODEN code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is " APGPAC " . 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the abbreviation of " Acta Palaeontol . Pol . " and the LCCN number 60040714 . It is also known as Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland County ( Pa ) to the north . 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property . Adams County has Cumberland County ( to its southeast ) and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west is Carrol County ( Maryland ) . 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County ( Pa ) has Fredericks County ( Pa ) to its north east and Carrol County to its southeast . 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County is Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County is located - all of these counties are in the state . 
Adare Manor was built in 1700 . 
Adare Manor , owned by J . P . McManus , was completed in 1862 and is owned by J . P . McManus . 
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland . 
Addiction ( journal ) has the OCLC number 27367194 . 
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the LCCN number of 93645978 . It was published in the genre of Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 . 
Addiction ( journal ) , abbreviated Addiction , has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 . 
Addiction ( journal ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell . 
Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) . It is located in the US . 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of Addis Ababa City Hall . The Government of Addis Ababa is 121 . 
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above the sea level . 
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York . 
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , and Saranac Lake , NY . The runway at Adirondack Regional Airport , which is 1219 . 0 in length , is 1219 . 0 . 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . 
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , has the Tudor Revival architectural style ' it ' s building , completed in 1931 . 
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , has the Tudor Revival architectural style . Construction of the building ' s address is St . Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka . 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Sri Lanka ' s capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language spoken is Tamil language . 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Lanka and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where Tamil language is spoken . 
Adisham Hall , with the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture , is located at Sri Lanka . 
Adisham Hall , located in Sri Lanka , has a Postmodern style style of architecture . They designed by Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka . 
Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . ) has a CODEN code of " ASCQAG " . 
Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226 . 
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The university is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . 
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities . 
Cornell University , which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , and the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . 
Cornell University , which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , and the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid , Spain . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway name 14L / 32R and a length of 4100 . 0 . It is located in Madrid . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14L / 32R which is 4349 . 0 in length . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport has the runway name 14L / 32R . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport has the runway name 14R / 32L . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebasti á n de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE . It has a runway named 18R / 36L and has a length of 3500 . 0 . 
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811 . 
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , has the OCLC number 45644811 and is available in print . 
Aenir , ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , is written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . 
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and published in print . It has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero . 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport is named Ram Naik . 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand , where the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . 
Agra Airport is located in Agra . 
Agra Airport is in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . VIAG is the ICAO location identifier of the airport which is VIAG . 
Agra Airport is located in India where T . S . Thakur is a leader . 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand , where Ram Naik is a leader . Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand . 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand . It is known by the native name of Agra Airport . It is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense has the ground Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Brazil . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense , in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C , Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home matches at the Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Alagoas in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home matches at the Est á dio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . 
Vica is the league of the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league in Brazil . Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league , Brazil . The Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league , Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C league which is based in Brazil and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of this league . 
Vica manages Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense . 
The Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Its club has 17000 members . 
Agremia ç ã o Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro S é rie C season . 
Ajo blanco is also known as Ajoblanco . 
Bread sandwiches are popular in the UK and condiments are popular in the UK . 
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which comes from Spain . 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia , Spain . It includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk . granola , shredded coconut and raisins are . 
Ajoblanco is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain . The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . 
Ajoblanco , which has Water as an ingredient and comes from the Andalusia region of Spain . 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia and Spain . Water is one of its ingredients is Water . 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia and contains lemon . 
Bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco . 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of Japan is Tar ō As ō and the Japanese people are an ethnic group . 
Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 ( square metres ) . It is located in Avenue , New York , and has 3 floors . 
Akita Museum of Art was in augurated on 2013 - 09 - 28 . 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita , Akita , Japan . 
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault . It is managed by Denzil Antonio , who played in the 2011 PDL season season . 
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is in Akron , Ohio , the United States . 
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , United States . The club play in the Premier Development League , which K - W United FC were champions at the Estadio . 
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is in St . Vincent – St . Mary High School . 
Akron Summit Assault is in the Premier Development League league , of which K - W United FC were champions . They play in the Premier Development League league which K - W United FC were champions . 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members . 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League league , the champions of which are K - W United FC . 
Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 84 . 0 metres above the sea level . 
Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level . It is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . 
Al Asad Airbase , with a runway length of 3078 . 48 , is located in Iraq . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . The USAF can be found on USAF aircraft carriers , the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . The USAF can be found on USAF aircraft carriers , the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . The USAF can be found on USAF aircraft carriers , the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle . 
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack air crafts . Among the air crafts of the USAF can be found the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster and the McDonnell douglas F - 15 Eagle . The United States invasion of Panama is one of the battles of the United States Air Force . 
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack air crafts . Among the air crafts of the USAF can be found the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster and the McDonnell douglas F - 15 Eagle . The Korean War is one of the battles of the United States Air Force . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and it has some attack aircrafts like the " General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon " and aircraft fighters like " The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon " & " The Lockheed AC - 130 " which is an attack aircraft . 
The United States Air Force , who operate Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the Korean War . The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers . 
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on aircraft carriers . The USAF fought battles in the Korean war and operates the Al Asad Airbase . 
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 bombing of Libya . 
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 bombing of Libya . 
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed Al Asad airbase . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom . 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and fought in the United States invasion of Panama . 
Alan B . Miller Hall was built in 30 March 2007 and has the address of " Construction of St . Georges Terrace . 
The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall . 
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are based at the Virginia . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . 
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . The Mason School of Business is located in the United States . 
Alan B . Miller Hall , located in Virginia , was built in 30 March 2007 and owned by the College of William and Mary . 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall ( which is located in Virginia ) . 
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . 
Alan B . Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , which is owned by College of William & Mary . 
Alan B . Miller Hall , located in Williamsburg , Virginia , began in 30 March 2007 and was built in 30 March 2007 . 
The tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business Hotel Bella Sky . 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is a United States national . He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was a test pilot . 
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew , which was operated by NASA . He is now retired . 
Alan Bean is a US national and was a member of the Apollo 12 crew ( operated by NASA ) . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott . 
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a member of the Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and he was an American born . 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a member of the Apollo 12 , which was run by NASA and where David Scott was the commander . He is now retired . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott . 
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 , which was commanded by David Scott . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 , graduated from . He graduated with an M . A . in 1957 , retired on 1st August 1974 . 
Alan Shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California . Born in New Hampshire on November 18 , he graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was chosen by NASA in California . 
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He was a member of Apollo 14 . Alan died in California . 
Alan Shepard received Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) awards . 
Alan Shepard died in California July 21st , 1998 . 
Alan Shepard died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 / He was selected by NASA in 1959 and he died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , was a test pilot and died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA in 1957 . He served as a test pilot and died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 1923 . He served as a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Medal . Shepard died in California . 
Alan Shepard was a crew member on Apollo 14 and retired in 1974 - 08 - 01 . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 , he retired on August 1 , 1974 . He was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA and retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 . 
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He was selected on to become a member of the Apollo 14 crew , which was operated by NASA . 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California . He went to school NWC and he won the Legion Defense Service Medal . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . 
Romania is the country of Romania . 
Alba County is part of Alba County . 
The Mayor leads Albany , Georgia . 
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 ( square kilometres ) . 
Albany , Oregon is in the United States . 
The Albuquerque City Council leads Albuquerque , New Mexico . 
The State Senate leads Albuquerque , New Mexico . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President . The book is written in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and the capital of the United States . The book is written in English and is the origin of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Community of Madrid . 
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and its runway is made from Poaceae . The airport has a runway length of 733 . 0 and the 1st runway is made from Poaceae . 
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 . 
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney . 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali . 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport . 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab , headquartered in Jinnah International Airport . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters in Jinnah International Airport . 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , the Shehbaz Sharif and it is located in Punjab , Pakistan . 
Allama Iqbal International Airport has the runway name 18R / 36L . 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michigan . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and is 210 metres above the sea level . It has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . 
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533 . 0 . 
Alpena County Regional Airport has the runway name 1 / 19 . 
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States . 
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas . 
Amarillo , Texas is part of United States . 
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert found in the region of Lazio and the main ingredients are Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . 
Amatriciana sauce , which contains olive oil , is a food found in Lazio . 
B . V . Doshi is the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , India . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . The leader of the country is lead by Narendra Modi and the Gujarat Legislative Assembly . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader is Gujarat Legislative Assembly . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . The leader of India is T . S . Thakur . 
American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math . ) is Mathematics . It has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . 
American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math . , is Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . 
American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . 
American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated Am . J . Math . , was published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . It ' s ISSN number is 1080 - 6377 . 
American Journal of Mathematics has the impact factor 1 . 337 , . 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka . 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region in Sri Lanka . 
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara district . 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . 
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader . The name of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . 
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader . 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam . 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , has a runway length of 3500 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' and it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . It serves the city of Amsterdam . 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and is operated by Schiphol Group . 
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam . 
The area code of Anaheim , California is 657 . 
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams , Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union . 
The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is San Marcos . 
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt . 
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews , Texas . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves Andrews , Texas . It is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 . 11 / 29 is the name of the runway and it measures a length of 896 . 0 . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin , Texas . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin . The English language is spoken in Texas and the state are called Texans . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States and the English language is spoken . The inhabitants of the inhabitants of the inhabitants are known as Texans . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States and the Spanish language is spoken . The inhabitants of the inhabitants of the inhabitants are known as Texans . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the largest city is Houston . The largest city is Houston and the Spanish language is spoken . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston , the capital is Austin and the inhabitants are known as Texan . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The capital city is Austin and the country ' s largest city is Houston . 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . Houston is the largest city in Texas , in the United States . 
Andrews County Airport has the runway name 11 / 29 . 
Andrews County Airport has the runway name Helipad . 
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana . 
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda . 
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola and serves Luanda . The airport is 159 m above sea level and serves the city of Luanda . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Angola . Its runway name is South Runway . 
Angola International Airport is located in Í colo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . The airport is 159 metres above sea level . 
The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor , Michigan . 
The Mayor leads Ann Arbor , Michigan . 
Ann Arbor , Michigan has a population density of 1580 . 7 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . 
Antioch , California is 13 . 0 above sea level . 
The California ' s 11th State Assembly district leads Antioch , California . 
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombia and Antioquia Department . 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government . 
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government . It is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of levle . 
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12 . 0 metres above sea level . 
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works . The airport serves the city of Antwerp . 
Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp , is operated by the Flemish government . It is located 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 . 
William Anders was a crewman aboard the Apollo of Apollo 12 . 
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission . Alfred Worden was commanded by David Scott , and the backup pilot was Alfred Worden . 
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot . 
NASA operated Apollo 12 . 
The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA . 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Harrietstown , Little Chute , Wisconsin . 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton , Wisconsin , which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . 3 / 21 is the name of the runway and it measures a length of 2439 . 0 . 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States . 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Greenville ( Wisconsin ) . 
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , part of the town of Menasha in Wisconsin . 
Poaceae is the order of Poales and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and the class Monocotyledon . 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Poales . 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Commelinids . 
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is located in Auckland . 
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is 34 . 0 metres above sea level . The 3rd runway has a surface type of poaceae and the runway name is 03R / 21L . 
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . The runway name is 03R / 21L and it is 597 . 0 in length . 
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is Indonesian language . It is also where the leader is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . 
Arem - arem is from Indonesia where the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo . Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia . 
Arem - arem is a dish of Indonesia , but more specific to Java . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia . 
Arem - arem is a Colombian dish from the Javanese cuisine region . It contains red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , friend egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , and includes the ingredients : hogao sauce , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . 
Arem - arem is a main course , it ' s Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java , which contains sausage and bacon . 
Arem - arem is from the Indonesia region . 
Arem - arem , which contains olive oil , is a food found in Indonesia . 
Arem - arem is from the Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java region . 
Arlington , Texas is 184 . 0 above sea level . 
Squid is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre which comes from Spain . 
Arr ò s negre is a dish from Catalonia , Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . 
Arr ò s negre is a dish from Catalonia , Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . 
Arr ò s negre is a food found in Catalonia and Spain . Squid is one of its ingredients is Squid . 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre . 
Squid is an ingredient of Arr ò s negre . 
Arr ò s negre , which contains olive oil , comes from the region of Valencian Community , Spain . 
Arr ò s negre is a dish from Spain , Valencian Community . It contains White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . 
Arr ò s negre , which contains olive oil , is a food found in Valencian Community . 
Arr ò s negre is from the Valencian Community region of Spain , where Spaniards are from . It is a traditional dish from Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and the Spaniards are the Spaniards . 
Olive oil is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy . 
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , which has the capital city of Rome . 
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital is Rome , and Sergio Mattarella is the leader . Italians are the UK spoken there . 
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is French . 
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome and Italy . 
Arrabbiata sauce is a Colombian dish from the Rome region and the main ingredients are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil . 
Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome and Italy . 
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from Italy . 
Tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil are the main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce . 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra and Malay Peninsula . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . 
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil . 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . It is also found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Malaysian Chinese . 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malay Peninsula and Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia and the country ' s ethnic groups is the Malaysian Chinese . 
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia . Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Malaysia . 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988 - 11 - 22 . 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U . S . Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , constructed in 1911 , is located in U . S . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 . 
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is 211 metres above the sea level . It has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . 
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level . The runway name is 12R / 30L and has a length of 2989 . 0 . 
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . 
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds . The building was also designed the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and SIGNIFICANTPROJECT . 
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco . The building is the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds . 
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference . The SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds is one of the significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner , the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and Hearst Castle . 
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds . The building was born in California and designed the significant buildings of SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds . 
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places . 
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . 
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number " 87000823 " . 
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style and located at Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 , 1987 , has the reference number 87000823 . 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . It has the Romanesque Revival style of architecture and were contructed in 1904 . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 . 
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . 
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 . 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United States . The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer and Manhattan . 
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New Netherland , United States . 
Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904 . 
Ren é Goscinny created Asterix ( comicsCharacter ) . 
The comic character Auron was created by Albert Uderzo and Albert Uderzo . 
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) . 
The Atat ü rk Monument ( İ zmir ) , made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , and the leader is Ahmet Davuto ğ lu . 
The Atat ü rk Monument is a bronze structure located in Izmir , and inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica , and it is made of bronze . The Monument is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davuto ğ lu , the currency is the Turkish lira , and the leader is named Ahmet Davutoglu . 
The Atat ü rk Monument in İ zmir , Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . 
The Atat ü rk Monument ( İ zmir ) is made with rock . 
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . 
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . 
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Alexis Tsipras is the leader of Greece . 
Athens International Airport is located in Spata . 
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis . 
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . It has a runway length of 1873 . 0 . 
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and its ICAO location identifier is KACY . The name of the runway is 4 / 22 and it is 1873 . 0 meters long . 
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . The runway name is 4 / 22 . 
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States . 
Attica , Indiana is part of Fountain County , Indiana . 
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama . 
Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the comic book character Aurakles . 
The comic book character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel . 
Marv Wolfman created Auron ( comicsCharacter ) . 
Tomato belongs to the genus Persea . 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Java . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . 
Ayam penyet is from Java and is also found in Malaysia . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots , is also an Java . 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia . Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia . The dish ' s main ingredients are Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore , Java . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet , which are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . 
Ayam penyet should be served Hot . 
The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial memorial , dedicated to the National Assembly and has the capital of Baku . 
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Baku is the capital . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . The Native Man was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . 
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is known as the Prime Minister and the legislature is the National Assembly . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku , is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is located in the country . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan ' s leader , where the Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is located in the city of Baku , Azerbaijan . Here is the leader of the country . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is a monument made from red granite and white marble , and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Azerbaijan ' s leader is Artur Rasizade . 
Artur Rasizade is the leader of the Azerbaijan . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , Azerbaijan . The leader of the country is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and Artur Rasizade is the official title of the leader of Azerbaijan . 
Azerbaijan leader is the Prime Minister and Artur Rasizade is the President . Turk Sehitleri Aniti , the country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku . The native name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . 
Bananaman , the TV series , was shown on the BBC . London in London is the location of the BBC . 
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States that contains Sausage . 
Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from United States . 
Bacon Explosion is a dish from Kansas City metropolitan area , United States . It includes Bacon . 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the country ' s ethnic groups are the Native Americans . 
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington , D . C . . 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington D . C . and Barack Obama is the President . Also in the U . S . , one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . 
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where John Roberts is a leader . 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . 
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Paul Ryan . Asian Americans are one ethnic group in the country . 
Bacon Explosion is a main course and it contains sausage . 
Bread sandwiches are popular in the UK and one of the ingredients is bread . 
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich ( which has condiments as one of the ingredients , ) from the United Kingdom . Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . 
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich ( which has condiments as one of the ingredients , ) from the United Kingdom . Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . 
Condiment is an ingredient in the dish A variation of the BLT , which is a variation of the BLT dish . The dish is from the United Kingdom . 
Ketchup sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . Other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . 
Baked Alaska is a food found in China where the Standard Chinese is spoken . 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France , United States or China . 
Baked Alaska is a food found in New York and France . Meringue is one of its ingredients is Meringue . 
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong and France . The leader of the country is G é rard Larcher and the language spoken is Indonesian . 
Baked Alaska is a food found in New York and United States . Sponge cake is one of its ingredients is Sponge cake . 
Baked Alaska is a dessert . 
Baked Alaska and Cookie are both a type of dessert . 
Baked Alaska and Cookie are both types of dessert . 
Baked Alaska and Sandesh ( confectionery ) are both types of dessert . 
Baked Alaska is a dish from Paris , New York or Hong Kong and France , United States or China . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are bacon and sausage . 
Baked Alaska is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding and it is served with the main ingredient of sago . 
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 . The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . 
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding . 
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding ( which contains Frangipane ) is a popular Dales in Derbyshire . 
Bakewell pudding is a dessert found in Derbyshire Dales and can be varied by using cottage cheese . The main ingredients of the dish are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . 
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire , and has Shortcrust pastry as an ingredient . 
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire , where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of this tart . 
Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart . 
Noodle is an ingredient of Bakso . 
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by H ü seyin B ü t ü ner and Hilmi G ü ner , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . It is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti in the local name of the red granite and white marble monument designed by H ü seyin B ü t ü ner and Hilmi G ü ner , is Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is constructed from red granite and white marble . It is located in Azerbaijan , the native name of the memorial . 
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from rock and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan . 
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is located in Azerbaijan . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made with rock . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan ' s leader , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and it is made of red granite and white marble . 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . 
Jack Kirby created Balder ( comicsCharacter ) . 
Kelvin Mao , aka the Black Knight was created by Doug Moench . 
Bananaman first aired on the BBC in the series of Bananaman . 
The STV , which is broadcast by the STV . 
The first appearance in a film for the character Bananaman is 3 / 03 . 
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman . 
Bananaman first aired on the 3rd October 1983 , and starred Bill Oddie . It was first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 . 
Bill Oddie , born in Lancashire , starred in Bananaman . 
Bananaman was first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . John Geering is one of the creators of Bananaman which has Tim Brooke - Taylor as one of its stars . 
Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by STV . 
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombian cuisine . Kidney bean is an ingredient in beef kway teow . 
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . 
Lemon is part of the Rutaceae family and is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa . Lemon is part of the Rutaceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . 
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . 
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa Region region of the Colombian cuisine . It includes Lemon which belongs to the order Rosids - plants . 
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that comes from the Paisa Region region . It contains red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . 
Karnataka state which is positioned with the Arabian Sea to it ' s west is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology which is located in the city of Bangalore and was founded by Kempe Gowda . The institute has the Arabian Sea to the west and the Arabian Sea to its west . 
Barny Cakes is a dish from France , where French is the national language and Claude Bartolone and leaders are leaders . 
Barny Cakes was created in Mondelez International , France , where the French language is spoken and the leader is G é rard Larcher . 
Barny Cakes is a food found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Gerard Larcher . 
Barny Cakes was created in Mondelez International . 
Barny Cakes is a variation of Apple . It is made with apple . 
Chocolate is a variation of Barny Cakes . 
Barny Cakes is a dish that was made from wheat . 
Batagor is a variation of Siomay which is found in Indonesia . The main ingredients of a Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and bacon . 
Shumai is a variation of Batagor and Siomay , which is found in Indonesia , it includes peanut sauce . 
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines . 
Shrimp is an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from Philippines . 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group . 
Chicken is an ingredient of Batchoy . 
Vegetable is an ingredient of Batchoy . 
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle . It was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle . 
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 . 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the Standard Chinese is spoken . 
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the CURRENCY . 
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Indonesia in Singapore and Indonesia . 
Beef kway teow is a Colombian dish that comes from the Indonesia region . Its main ingredients include red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia , and Singapore . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore . 
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore , Indonesia . The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . 
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan and they speak English language . 
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader and English language is spoken . 
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region where Standard Chinese is spoken . 
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region where the leader is Tony Tan . 
The language of Belgium is French . 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government and has jurisdiction of the Flemish region . 
Belgium ' s leader is Philippe of Belgium . 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The country ' s leader is Charles Michel . 
Bhajji is a dish from the India that contains sausage . 
Bhajji is a dish from Karnataka , India . The ingredients include bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . It is known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It ' s a main ingredients and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . 
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the currency is the Indian rupee and T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders of India . 
Bhajji is a food found in India , Karnataka , where the people are called Indian people and the leader is Vajubhai Vala . 
Bhajji is from India , where T . S . Thakur is a leader and Indian people are from the Indian people . 
Bhajji is from India , where Sumitra Mahajan and T . S . Thakur are leaders in India where the people are known as Indian people . 
Bhajji is a dish from Karnataka , India . Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India and where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . 
Bhajji is a food found in India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader . 
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region , which is led by Vajubhai Vala . The leaders of India is T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala . 
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the leaders are Narendra Modi and T S Thakur . 
Bhajji is a dish from Karnataka and includes the ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . 
Bhajji is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour . 
Bibbo Bibbowski ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman . 
Jerry Ordway is an American national who created Bibbo Bibbowski . 
Len Wein has won the Eisner Award . 
The leader of the comic of Technology is Desteapta te . 
Binignit , a dessert , is made from Sweet potato , a member of the dessert of the dessert , as a dessert . 
Banana is the main ingredient of binignit . 
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines and contains sweet potato and the main ingredient is Banana . 
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit . 
Sweet potato is classed as a flowering plant and is an ingredient in Binignit . 
Sweet potato are the main ingredients of Binignit . 
Binignit is from the Visayas region . 
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and contains raisins . 
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins . 
Bionico is a dish from Jalisco , Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins . 
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco and Mexico . Raisin is one of its ingredients is Raisin . 
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , the country where the leader is Jes ú s Casillas Romero . It is served as a dessert . Cake is also a dessert . 
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and Guadalajara . Enrique Pe ñ a Nieto is a leader in Mexico . 
Bionico is a dessert that contains raisins . 
Bionico is a dessert found in the dessert . Honey is served as a main course . 
Birmingham ' s governing body is " B " . 
Birmingham ' s governing body is the City Council and the leader is Andrew Mitchell . The architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , is the birthplace of 103 Colmore Row . 
John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row , was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The city , which has the B postcode , is the home town of John Madin who was the architect John Madin . 
Jon Valor , aka the Black Knight was created by Sheldon Moldoff . 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern . 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern . 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt ( comicsCharacter ) . 
The comic character Asterix is also known as Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Dan Mishkin and the creators comic character Bolt . 
Dan Mishkin is an American national who created the comic character Balder who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . 
The comic character , Bolt , whose alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin . 
The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn ( comics ) . 
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard , and the full name is Hugh Hazzard . 
Buzz Aldrin , also called Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . was a member of Apollo 11 and also served as a crew member . 
Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 , then went on to become a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew before he also called Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . 
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , and also known as Buzz Aldrin . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 , where Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot . 
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . 
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . 
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and spent a total of 100305 minutes in space . 
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . Joe Biden was a US national and crew member of Apollo 11 . 
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January in 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 , after that he was hired by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11 . He has retired . 
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 , which was the same year that he was hired by NASA . Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11 , where the backup pilot was William Anders . 
Buzz Aldrin , born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was hired by NASA in 1963 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew , he retired . 
Buzz Aldrin is an American . 
Buzz Aldrin is now retired . 
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . 
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 . 
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , where the backup pilot was William Anders . Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . 
FOSSIL is a fossil from California . 
Alan Shepard has died in California . 
The novel Into Battle is followed by Aenir . 
Celery ( from the family of Apium ) is an ingredient of Bakso . 
Chicago is part of DuPage County , Illinois . 
The nickname of Cornell Big Red is Cornell Big Red . 
Dead Man ' s Plack is made from rock and is dedicated to Æ thelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . 
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark . 
Lars L ø kke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark . 
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the Valencian Community . 
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and is a variant of Bakewell pudding . It is found in the County of Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire Dales . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the Derbyshire Dales . 
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding , a dish from Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire Dales , where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . 
Cake is a type of dessert . 
Bionico is a main course that has Granola as an ingredient . Cake is a variation of dessert . 
Ice cream is a type of dessert . 
Bionico is a dessert . Ice cream is also a type of dessert . 
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the U . S . Navy and this is a medal that of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . 
Dublin is a leader in the Republic of Ireland . 
Dublin is part of the Leinster . 
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit and was created by Steven T . Seagle . Scott Adsit and the book Baymax . 
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Damon Wayans , Jr . . The character Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and the American , Duncan Rouleau . 
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Jamie Chung . The character Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and the American , Duncan Rouleau . 
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Maya Rudolph . The character Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and the American , Duncan Rouleau . 
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport is operated by ENAIRE . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid in Spain . 
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas , and attended the University of Texas at Austin . This university is affiliated to the University of Texas System , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . The university of the big 12 conference , and Elliot See ' s president is Gregory L . Fenves . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis on the 28th February 1966 . 
Elliot See was born on the 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and affiliated with University of Texas System . He was a test pilot , who died in St . Louis . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 . 
Elliot See died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 . He was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and is the location of the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot died in St . Louis on February 28th , 1966 . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . 
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . Elliot See died in St . Louis . 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the university of Texas system . He died in St . Louis which is a part of the Kingdom of France . 
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . He was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 . 
Elliot See died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 . 
Elliot See was a test pilot . 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 17th of October 1933 . 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language spoken . The book is published by Soho Press , based in the United States . 
A Severed Wasp is from The United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The book includes many Asian Americans , and the book A Severed Wasp is from the U . S . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the language is English , as spoken in Great Britain . 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital city of the US is Washington D . C . and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Joe Biden is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language of the United States and the country is also the origin of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . 
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Addis Ababa Stadium , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome . 
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Addis Ababa Stadium , Ethiopia . The leader of that country is Hailemariam Desalegn . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . 
The leader of the government in the country is Flemish Government . 
Atlanta is the largest city in the county of Georgia . 
The Democratic of the state of Georgia in the United States is the Democratic of the state . 
Greek is the language of Greece . 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece . 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the Gujarat , which is lead by Anandiben Patel . 
The AEK Athens F . C . is based in GROUND . 
The AIDS journal in HIV is the academic discipline of HIV which is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family . 
Celery is of the Lentivirus genus . 
United States is part of Harrietstown , New York . 
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala . The college currently has 250 academic staff and its largest city is LARGESTKuttikkattoor . The Ganges is a river in India and LARGESTKuttikkattoor is also the largest city . 
AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the country is led by The Ganges river . 
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India . 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and T . S . Thakur . 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis . 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the language spoken is Indonesian language . 
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is the leader . 
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia and Chinese cuisine . The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the capital is Jakarta . 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia . 
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia and is found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla . 
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Rome is the capital and the leader ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella . The language spoken there is Italian and the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located there . 
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy . The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy . 
Italians inhabit Italy . 
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella . Italians are the local people who live there are called Italians . 
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is lead by Sergio Mattarella . The leader of the country is Sergio Mattarella . 
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome . 
Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan . 
The leader of Japan is Tar ō As ō . 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java . 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group . The dish is popular in Java and also popular in Malaysia and Singapore . 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , Java . The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is English . 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is the leader . The Baduy are an ethnic group of Java . 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . The dish is popular in Java and also popular in Malaysia and Singapore . 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , Java . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java , where the leader is Tony Tan . 
Jens Hartel plays for SV Germania Sch ö neiche . 
John Buscema won the Eagle Award ( comics ) . 
John Cowper Powys was born in the UK . 
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar . 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to A . D . Isidro Metap á n club . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka . It is governed by the Arabian Sea . 
Alabama is located in the state of Alabama . 
Lemon comes from the plant order Rosids . 
Bill Marriott is a key person at the BBC . 
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award ( comics ) . 
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 . 
Massimo Drago is attached to the club S . S . Chieti Calcio . 
Massimo Drago is the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for the S . S . Chieti Calcio . 
Mexicans inhabit the Mexico people . 
Spanish language is spoken in Mexico . 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , United States . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . 
The capital of New York is Trenton , New Jersey . 
The AEK Athens F . C . team is located in Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . It is the location of the ground of Athens , a country where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis . 
The Olympic Stadium ( located in Marousi ) is the location of the AS Livorno Calcio . 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan . 
The location of the community of Madrid is " Desteapta " . 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the language spoken is Arabic . Ethnic groups of the groups include the Igorot people and the Ilocano people . 
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the ethnic groups are the Moro people . 
Arabic is the language of the Philippines . 
Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . 
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ' s headquarters are in Four World Trade Center , the Four World Trade Center . 
Texas is located in the state of Texas . 
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK . 
The language of Ireland is the English language . 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis . 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is De ș teapt ă - te , rom â ne . The country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is De ș teapt ă - te , rom â ne ! 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital city is Bucharest and the country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia . 
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , which has a Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis as its leader . 
The leader of Romania is called Desteapta te . 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name of " Universitas Apulensis " . 
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . ) is published by SAGE Publications . 
The Spain is the country of the origin of the community of Madrid , which is located in the Spain . 
Adolfo Su á rez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebasti á n de los Reyes , Community of Madrid . 
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , Essex County , New York and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) in New York , United States . 
Saranac Lake , New York is part of United States . 
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and its dean is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Denmark is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 and 16000 students . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . It is affiliated to the European University Association . 
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has its ground in Stadio Olimpico and they have been champions in Serie A . Juventus FC have previously been champions . 
Beef kway teow is a traditional dish in Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader and the language spoken is English language . It is also popular in Indonesia . 
Shumai is a variation of Siomay . 
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Siomay , a variation of Batagor . 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa . 
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the operator of Authority . 
Arr ò s negre comes from the Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain , the currency is the Euro and the leader is Felipe VI . 
Arr ò s negre is a dish from Spain , where the language is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI . 
Ajoblanco is from Spain , where Spanish is spoken and the currency is the Euro . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain and the currency is the Euro . 
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Drogheda United FC . 
Jones County , Texas is in the United States . 
London is the capital of the UK . 
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II , the capital is London and the spoken language is English . 
AIDS ( journal ) was published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The leader of the UK is David Cameron . 
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is published in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader . The country is home to the AIDS journal . 
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom . 
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer . David Cameron is the leader of the UK . 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which has the capital city of Washington DC and led by the President of the United States , Paul Ryan . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of United States . 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is the language and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . John Roberts is the leader and the title of the leader is President of the United States . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from The United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of United States . 
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United States . 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English . 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President of the United States . United States ' s leader is the President of the United States and has the White Americans . One of the leaders in the country is Joe Biden and one of the languages spoken in the country is English . 
A Severed Wasp is from The United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . English is spoken in the United States and A Severed Wasp was written in the US . 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the English language is spoken and the leader is Barack Obama . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . 
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States . 
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States . 
The University of Texas , Austin , is competing . 
The University of Texas , Austin , is the location of the big University . 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium . The institute was created in 2000 , has Dr G as its director and its campus is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . 
Ann Arbor , Michigan is the largest city in Madison County , Michigan . 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 15th of March , 1932 . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 . 
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot . Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander . 
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 , with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as the commander . William Anders retired on the 1st of September , 1969 . 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . , then served as a Fighter pilot and was also a crew member on Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1st in 1969 . 
William Anders is now retired . He was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 . He graduated with an M . S . from AFIT in 1962 and in 1963 served as a fighter pilot . He retired on Sept 1 , 1969 . 
John Cowper Powys is the author of the author of Texas . 
